Was Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis a follower of Melkite Greek Catholic Church?
What is the name of the opera based on Twelfth Night ?
When did Lena Horne receive the Grammy Award for Best Jazz Vocal Album?
Do Prince Harry and Prince William have the same parents?
What is the subsidiary company working for Leonard Maltin?
Which is the hierarchical BrainInfo ID of the frontal lobe?
What is the federated state located in the Weimar Republic?
Did Buddhism was named after the immigration of united states
what is the musical composer id of bedrish smetana
What are the opera which start with the letter z
How often are the Paralympic games held?
Which is the state and country of the Watergate scandal?
what is branch of biology that starts with z
Did Steve Sampson manage a club of Santa Clara university
What is the god worshipped by Jehovah's Witnesses that contains the word "yahweh" in its name ?
Who follows the member of Victor Hugo?
Who was nominated for an Academy Award for  Best Sound Mixing in Gladiator?
Who is the pupil of the tutor Miguel Ángel Estrella?
In what year did Tim Hunt give a Croonian Lecture?
Who is {famous for} of {writers} of {To the Christian Nobility of the German Nation} ?
What are the ethnic group which start with the letter z
Is the number of injured in the Newhall massacre less than 0.8?
When was Bibi Andersson married to Per Ahlmark?
Who is starring in the film series of Souls of the Departed?
Where does the holder of the position of Lech Kaczynski live?
Who is the writer of the Cavalcade of America and The United States Steel Hour ?
Which teams did Lee Roy Selmon play for that won championships?
When was Carl Sagan married Ann Druyan?
 Wringer (novel) and Maniac Magee is the notable work of which author?
When was Natalia Makarova nominated for the Laurence Olivier Award for Best Actress in a Musical?
Which is the time-weighted average exposure limit for calcium carbonate?
Which footballers did their high school in west Sacramento california? 
Was frederick_douglass is a child of charles remond douglass?
Mention the language spoken and understood by L. Ron Hubbard
Which excipient chemical compound has the least kinematic viscosity?
Which key person of Clinton Foundation is also the president of Jim Sasser ?
Is the Euler characteristic of the genus-two surface less than -2.4?
Hugh Hefner is editor of which magazine?
What is affiliation for Rostock ?
Who is nominated for Lee Grant that for work is Detective Story}?
Tell me me a dog  whose name consist of the word "balto" and whose exhibition history Cleveland Museum of Natural History
Which is the trunk prefix for Jordan?
Name an international football competition  that starts in November and contains the word "cup" in its name
When did Białystok and Eindhoven become twinned administrative bodies?
Is it true that the number of survivors of September 13 incident is greater than 0?
When did Paul Hindemith begin studying at Hoch Conservatory?
How many organizations work for Environmentalism?
What is  award received  from Henrik Pontoppidan that is  together with is  Karl Adolph Gjellerup ?
When did Francisco Morales Bermúdez become President of the Council of Ministers of Peru?
What is the songwriter of Hard Contract known for?
Who is the fictional person whose name starts with the letter t?
What method did the census use to determine the population of Taguig?
Name the underground station with the most tracks in Finland?
What is in the category of Thomas Mann?
Which is the historical country of the diplomatic relation of Czechoslovakia?
For what role was Octavia Spencer nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress?
What is the inventory number of the painting Liberty Leading the People that is located in the Louvre?
Which career did the character Buffy the Vampire Slayer choose?
Where was WiZeefa founded ?
Which country is Wellington located?
For what work did Carol Reed receive an Academy Award for Best Director?
Who gave the {location of work} of {proprietor} of {Mein Kampf} ?
Is the speed limit of the Netherlands equal to 50?
What was Gianluigi Buffon`s point score for Italy`s under-23 football team?
What toponym is the pan flute named after, from the time and legend of Dryope?
What is the { time point } for { Cathedral of Christ the Savior } { significant event } as the { beginning of construction }?
When did Kim Jong-il’s wife Kim Young-sook die?
Which is Japanese Baseball Hall of Fame ID for Hideo Nomo?
Give the name of galaxy with less apparent magnitude and was discovered by William Herschel?
What award Eddie Redmayne received for his work The Theory of Everything?
What item was increased at the Drive-in?
What is the sister city of the Badminton World Federation in garrison?
What is  in the native label of Birmingham ?
Which company founded in New Mexico manufactures Visual Studio ?
Who is the partner city of Cologne whose government is headed by Willy Demeyer?
Tell me gene whose name has the word vgf in it.
Did Raymond Picard take birth in Paris?
When was Jacques Anquetil received the award as L'Équipe Champion of Champions?
Tell me the association football sport FA Cup Final with the lowest attendance.
Is it true that the longitude of ascending node of 1174 Marmara equals to 0.91583?
Is the density of the water less than 1.169832?
Is the earthquake magnitude on the Richter magnitude scale for the 1920 Mendoza earthquake more than 4.8?
List all episodes of the first season of the HBO television series The Sopranos!
Is the apparent magnitude of the Messier 2 less than 5.2?
Which training center of William Anthony has also alumni named Philip W Pillsbury ?
Who wrote the singles on the Main Course?
what is bibcode for physical review?
WHO was the commonwealth participant of the north african campaign?
Humes High School is alma mater to which person?
Is the nominal GDP per capita of North Macedonia more than 5823.192?
Who discovered Europa and Callisto?
Who is the father and mother of Janet Jackson?
Which is Rodovid ID for Harold Godwinson?
Who is the builder of Presidio Santa Cruz de Terrenate ?
When did Edward II of England become King of England?
Who is the leader of the town where the Myntdu river originates?
Did Mel Brooks received an award with Laurence Olivier Award for Best Actor in a Musical and Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Lyrics?
What music genre is Song to Woody?
What is in the category of Wisława Szymborska?
What award did Ilya Mehnikov win where the champ was Louis Agassoz?
What are the avion models that start with letter B
What murder method of Camaron de la Isla is due to air pollution?
Who is the actor in the narrative of Gregory House?
Which is the chartered company is a public company in it's legal form and whose name contains the word company?
What tv shows were born out of a collaboration of playtone and dreamworks?
Is Azerbaijan the membership of European Go Federation?
"Who is {brother or sister} of {Khadijah bint Khuwaylid}, which has {marry} is {Safiyyah bint ‘Abd al-Muttalib} ?"
Is Pittsburgh Steelers the former team of Marv McFadden?
When wasj Henry A. Wallace the US Secretary of Commerce?
When did Bob Woodward receive the award Worth Bingham Prize?
Which {MAMSL} {contains} {Sinaloa} ?
Which is the EDb film ID of Rear Window?
Who is often confused with the snake that has a higher taxon than Ophidia
When did Georgy Zhukov receive an award from the Order of Sukhbaatar?
Is the female population of Bommadasanahalli less than 0.0?
The inflation rate of Belize is?
What is it?
What is Ramsay MacDonald's MSBI Person ID
Which book is written in Hebrew.
What municipalities are adjacent to Chne-Bougeries?
What tis the Gedbas genealogy ID of Albert Einstein?
Which distributer of Glover is also the stockholde of Seattle Mariners ?
What is a chemical compound encoded by CGU with the word "arginine" in its name?
What is  the birthplace of Harald zur Hausen, that has a partner city which is in Campo Grande?
What excipient that's part carbon has the lowest refractive index?
What principality replaced the Ottoman Empire?
When did Luis Martinez de Galinsoga y de la Serna end his time as manager of La Vanguardia?
Which species does an elephant belong?
How many scientist became famous for the battle of Occupation of Japan?
Who is Matt Stone's creative partner?
Did scabies use diethylcarbamazine and lindane for treatment?
On how many different grounds were seasons chaired by Ronaldo held?
How many dishes are made with an ingredient belonging to the flowering plant species?
Which state has the city that is the twin city of Geneva?
What is a historical profession that contains the word zeugmacher in its name?
Where did Nikolay Gumilev and Anna Akhmatova marry and why did their marriage end?
Who employs the astronaut Gus Grissom?
What is the dredger with the highest payload mass?
How in what year was James K. Polk govenor of Tennesse
Name this psychoactive drug made from Papaver somniferum that contains the word "opium " in its name
: What are the family of isomeric compounds which start with the letter x
What company's founder is Jim Harris?
Which is the Elite Prospects staff ID of Jaromír Jágr?
What is melody of Tristan und Isolde ?
What countries does Renata Tebaldi hold citizenship with?
Count the number of musical work which were sold by Sony Music?
Who replaced Eduard Shevardnadze as First Secretary of the Georgian Communist Party?
Where is the brain located anatomically and in the taxon?
List books authored by Miguel de Cervantes and published by Francisco de Robles ?
How many calories does a baguette have?
What is the nationality of Aishath Saffa ?
Is the installed capacity of Kraftwerk Nussdorf equal to 4.74?
What is the railway that was formed in Paris?
When Boa Vista started as head of government at Teresa Surita?
Who is the Soviet Union's head of state?
Which is the mean lifetime for red blood cell?
Which is the CiNii author ID of the books of François Hollande?
Where did the conflict take place where Louis Briere de I'Isle was a commander?
Who has children by the writers of A Monograph of the British Palaeozoic Phyllopoda (Phyllocarida, Packard)?
Did Pope Paul VI work in both Rome and Munich?
How many Pokémon browser numbers are there for the {Pikachu} ?
Who is a famous relative of Aaround Van Heemstra?
What has cause of Universiade ?
Did Annie Leibovitz do the cover of The Road Ahead?
What is the geotope with the lowest topographic isolation whose country is Germany ?
Where did William Jones from the British Raj die?
Dortmund is located on terrain feature of what type?
What date did Lech Kaczyński die in the 2010 Polish Air Force Tu-154 crash?
What is the Guinea-Bissau total fertility rate as determined by the estimation process?
What is the result of the GazaIsrael conflict is also  the  place of the Qaqun?
What is the most important medicine used in treating inflammation?
Who owns F.C Porto
Is the collection or exhibition size Employment Applications for Civilian Conservation Corps - Indian Division (CCC-ID) Enrollees less than 0?
Who is the champion of the nomination received by Jennifer Connelly?
WHICH IS THE PLACE OF DEATH OF LAS VEGAS
when is the {end time} for {Louis XVIII of France} tha has {spouse} as {Marie Joséphine of Savoy} ?
Which is the license plate code for Greece?
How much time in a given Edo period?
What is the {nominated for} and the {award received} of {Sharon_Stone} ?
Which is the feast day for Saints Cyril and Methodius?
Is Lady Gaga's residence Malibu?
"Where is {home town} of {Mata Hari}, which has {partner town} is {Bordeaux} ?"
When was the peseta replaced by the euro?
Which river flows through Central Washington?
Does the Motorcity have more than 1.2 seasons?
What are the series ordinal of Ernesto Samper as Secretary General of the Non-Aligned Movement?
who profession for field of this occupation of rugby union?
Which  business has the most subscribers?
List the American MEditerranean Sea city is also the place of death of Laszlo Bellak ?
Which city has it's landmark as Cheasty Boulevard South?
Which is {distance} of {tributary} of {Gulf of Guinea} ?
What noble title did Berengar I of Italy hold and who was his successor?
Tell me which is the administrative territorial entity of Kenya which contains the word nairobi in it's name?
Is the muzzle velocity of the AK47 less than 572
Which is the net profit for SAP SE?
Did Joe Namath did his highschool in Beaver Falls High School?
IS THE WIDTH OF THE CAPUCHIN ISLAND GREATER THAN 0.08
n/a
Which sovereign state has the highest speed limit?
List all those whose relatives' nationality is United States.
Which School authors attended Mutations in the DJ-1 gene associated with autosomal recessive early-onset parkinsonism?
When did Ronna Romney McDaniel become chairperson of the Republican Party?
IS THE NUMBER OF PAGES OF PERCEPTIONS ABOUT POSTDOCS EQUALS 1
when was Linus Pauling nominated for a Nobel Prize in Chemistry
How many ethnic groups are with the Uzbekistan} ?
When did the Isle of Wight stop being a country in the Kingdom of England?
List the common sports between Fr. Agnel Multipurpose School  and Jamiatu Muslim Mindanao
Who is the defendant for Hans Frank?
Whet academic degree did Zaha Hadid recieve?
Who is the  {human} for {participant} of {Battle of Hastings}
Which is the ancient civilization culture of Rome?
In which military conflict were Phm Vn ng and John McEwen commanders ?
Is it true that the century breaks of Jak Jones are equals to 16?
What is the citizenship of the Sarah Kazemy and land of the Cervelle de canut
Is Tirana the largest city of Albania?
Who are the members of the Grateful Dead?
What were the last words of Jesus Christ?
When did Ahmedabad become Presidency of Bombay which was located in the administrative territorial entity?
What cast member plays Michelle Dessler in 24?
What is the nationality of Sune Agerschou ?
Who replaced Sam Houston as President of the Republic of Texas?
WHICH IS THE NATIONAL SPORTS TEAM THAT IN THE COUNTRY OF AUSTRALIA WHICH STARTS WITH T
Does Chris Martin used the piano as an instrument?
List all the former broadcast network of WMDN ?
Which sovereign state shares a border with the Austrian Empire?
Who is the academic supervisor of the actor of The Twilight Samurai ?
Which is the number of missing for 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami?
Who was the inventor of the B-tree, who was awarded the Officer's Cross of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany?
Is Sean Connery a member of the Gaels ethnic group?
Who is the child of Charles Martel, who also has a brother called Remigius of Rouen?
Which are the papers of the narrative set in The Grapes of Wrath?
Who appointed both John Drayton and William Clark to their respective offices?
which record did pole vault hold and which is the height?
Which asteroid with the shortest orbital period was discovered at the Nice Observatory?
When did literary award for award received of J. R. R. Tolkien?
What is the {next job holder} in {West Germany} that is a {member of} an {Asian Development Bank}?
Does Marvel Comics own Marvel Tales?
Is it true that the prussian s 3 has 2.4 cylinders?
Who is William marwood that is very close to Guilhem
What's Pete Townshend's lyrics song?
Is Mark Zuckerberg real name, Mark?
Where is Benjamin Franklin Terry buried, and US Route 59 has a junction?
