What periodical literature does Delta Air Lines use as a moutpiece?
Who is the child of Ranavalona I's husband?
Is it true Jeff_Bridges occupation Lane Chandler and photographer ?
Which is the operating income for Qantas?
which cola starts with the letter p
Is the right ascension of malin 1 less than 15.1398?
What is the complete list of records released by Jerry Lee Lewis?
What's Mary Lou Retton's International Olympic Committee athlete ID.
Who won the prize at the sequel of the 1885 Wimbledon Championships- Gentlemen's Singles?
Is it true that the carbon footprint of the iPhone X Max is 106?
Did Lindsey Vonn participate in the FIS Alpine World Ski Championships in 1999 and 2019?
What essential medicine is needed to treat leprosy?
Which is HanCinema person ID for Zhang Ziyi?
Did Judi Densch receive a Tony Award for best direction of the play Premium Imperiale?
After what is Marathon named and what is the current record?
Who Sleepwalking succeeded in playing Sleepwalking?
Which Class IB flammable liquid has the least lower flammable limit?
What is the material used and approved by Mojito?
Could you summarize Korea's history of this topic?
"Which is {landscape of} of {Virgin of the rocks}, which has {birth city} is {Tzippori} ?"
Is Kevin Costner owner of Fielders Stadium?
Which is the YouTube channel ID for Miley Cyrus?
What is a skill that starts with the letter s.
How many dimensions have a Captain America?
Who is the student that coined the Euler-Lagrange equation?
Is the minimal lethal dose of the benzene equal to 170000?
is the clock speed of the Watara Supervision smaller than 3.2?
What country is the current leader of the African Union ?
Who works for the accused Mariposa Folk Festival 1974?
n/a
What sister city was born in of Zakhar Oskotsky?
Tell me the name of a fantastique genre that starts with the letter s.
What is the medal Angela Lansbury recieved?
What is the musical score by Missa Solemnis that has mother Maria Magdalena van Beethoven?
When did Robert De Niro reside in Marbletown?
Which member state of the International Centre for Settlement of Investment Disputes has the maximum inflation rate?
Was Brittany Murphy a citizen of the USA?
Who is the partner and the spouse of Hank Azaria?
Does St. Peters Junior School maximum age equal to 11?
Which country has highest individual tax rate?
When did James Thomas Farrell receive the St. Louis Literary Award?
When was Pablo Picasso's partnership with Fernade Oliver over?
What is the product with the lowest consumption rate per capita whose has part is paraffin wax?
What are the coordinates for the geographic center of Michigan, as determined by the center of gravity of the surface?
Is the life expectancy of Indonesia 55.3528?
When did Emmerson Mnangagwa begin going to the University of Zambia?
What kind of career does Grigori Kozintsev have in the screenwriting field?
what is hypothetical protein ecia139-4120 habitat of found in species?
What sovereign state replaced the Kingdom of Great Britain?
Of the century breaks of the Colm Gilcreest equal less than 9.6?
Located in the Central District, what is the county seat whose twin cities include Feodosiya?
What does emigration mean?
Which is the meta-organization that is regulated by the football association?
Former champion Francisco Alarcon gave what award to Art Spiegelaman?
Are there more than 0 survivors of the Charkhi Dadri mid-air collision
When did Secretariat receive the Triple Crown Trophy?
What is  in the IHO Hydrographic Dictionary (S-32) Number of lighthouse ?
Which is the fictional analog of Hippocampus?
What is a cause of death that begins with the letter "p" and can be found on a CT scan?
What is established by Archbishop of Canterbury, who is a male?
In what area is Fernandel buried at the Passy Cemetery?
Name the naval artillery wirh the smallest firing range?
Is the throughput of the Vest-vassdraget equal to 2697.672?
What method did the census use to determine the population of Taguig?
What is Porky Pig in right now?
Was Aleister Crowley educated at Trinity College and Eton College?
What is {located next to Quincy,} in the {novel, Infinite Jest}?
Who awarded Eric Hobsbawm an honorary doctorate?
Give me a film character from a fictional universe, such as Marvel comics that starts with a W.
Mention the fictional universe described or included in The Matrix.
Which record label signed Janet Jackson?
What is Tanzania's total reserves?
Does the slope rating of the Merion Golf Club equal 149
who architecture firm of home field of new york centaurs?
Which { meansseason starts} in {February} ?
Who is {champ} of {prize awarded} {Lily Tomlin} ?
What is the ammunition of the weapon, that has been used in the war in Southeast Asia?
The University of Florida is a member of which coalition?
Who is the brother in law of the writer Quran?
What is the New Zealand Gazetteer place id for Auckland?
What does the painting Grade Odalisque represent which has DRTL backwards?
Name an empire that contains the word "british" in its name
Who was the teacher that supervised Shigeno Yasutsugu?
What is the SANDRE ID for Rhine?
When did Kylie Minogue receive the Gold Logie Award for Most Popular Personality on Australian Television?
What business does Alexander McQueen have?
Tell me the Greek deity of sibling of Zeus and that contains the word poseidon in it's name?
Who was the lead actor for the movie Deadpool?
Is the total fertility rate of Algeria greater than 3.4284?
Tell me physical phenomenon whose name has the word surface in it.
where does Vladimir putin reside?
Which is the municipality of Belgium that has the headquarters location of European Union?
What is located on terrain feature of Multonmah Falls?
Does marketing involve Human communication, and packaging and labeling?
WHICH IS THE STAGE RACE WITH THE MAXIMUM FREQUENCY OF EVENT
WHICH IS THE AUSTRIAN MUNICIPALITY KEY OF  KLAGENFURT
Tell me the autonomous region of the People's Republic of China which contains the word xinjiang in it's name?
What is the Velká pardubická with the lowest race time whose winner is Peter Gehm?
Who is the author of the Watchmen and what award did they receive?
n/a
Name a book written in Esperanto
What is the general manager of Bernard Hinault?
Name the FSK 12 rated 3D film with the highest cost ?
How many are interested in Daniel Dennett?
Where is the river source of the Rhine?
What was Cate Blanchett nominated for her work in I'm Not There?
Tell me the tower that is depicted as Tower of Babel and contains the word babel in it's name?
is the maximum wavelength of sensitivity of the human eye equal to 700?
Who received the Nobel Prize in Literature after Mo Yan?
When did Eiji Toyoda win an award for his work in Order of Prince Henry?
Which is the author of afterword of Erich Fromm?
Who are worked for Michelle Wolf and its source location of group/organisation is located in New York City?
What are the unit of measurement which start with the letter visus
Dennis M. Ritchie designed which structured programming language?
What role does Mickey Mouse play in the creative work of Ben Sharpsteen?
What are the head of state and the office held by head of state of the Soviet Union?
What is the name of award recieved for Dawn Fraser has participant of 1960 Summer Olympics ?
What is the beginning of Sarajevo's
What is the solubility of methyl chloride in water?
What five U.S. states does the Delaware River drain from?
Which birth language is Chizoba Ejike?
What is the ionization energy of the nicotine?
Is tuberculosis prevalent?
Who is {creators} of {language of the original work} {Star Trek Into Darkness} ?
Who is the spouse of Aaliyah and when did they divorce?
What is {inhabitants} {nationality} of {Leopold von Sacher-Masoch} ?
What is the commune of France with the lowest population whose located in time zone is UTC+01:00?
What is the district of the city with the MAX(number of houses whose instance of is district of the city?
How many seasons of Handball-Bundesliga are there?
Who is the child of Pompey and the mother, Mucia Tertia?
What is in the region of Paroo River, that divides into Ku-ring-gai Council?
Tell me soil type whose name has the word vertisol in it.
What is Lizzy Yarnold's TheSports.org athlete ID?
Which religious concept starts with the letter t
Is it true that the explosive energy equivalent of Father of All Bombs is less than 52.8?
Does the Becherovka alcohol by volume less than 30.4
What are the prefecture-level city  which start with the letter ürümqi
tell me ceremony whose name has the word umhlanga in it
What is edition runtime for League of Legends?
Which is the sauce that originated in Korea?
Which is the electric charge for antihydrogen?
Who gave the {is shown in} of {based upon} of {Clark Kent} ?
Tell me national association football team whose name has the word team in it.
What is the INSEE countries and foreign territories code for the Democratic Republic of Congo?
What is the warheroes.ru ID for Yuri Gagarin?
Is the diameter pf nickel equal to 0.807?
Is the stated age of Rolf-Axel Eberhardt greater than 52?
When Podgorica started as Principality of Montenegro?
IS THE ENTHALPY OF VAPORIZATION OF METHANOL IS EQUAL TO 37400
What award was received Mary Tyler Moore ?
what is Tuesday named after?
How many of the archives are for Grace Hopper?
Which is the narrative location of Siddhartha?
What are the military operation which start with the letter o
Is the matches/games drawn/tied of the 2001 British and Irish Lions tour to Australia equal to 0?
Who is the mother and husband of Candice Bergen?
"Which language written from Romy Schneider, has the grammatical person speaking as the third personal plural?"
Does the cash back of the Gold  ADAC Credit Card equals 5?
Who is the opposite of the superhero?
What is the current population of Aden?
Which is the total equity of Micron Technology?
Was Michael J. Fox's place of birth in Edmonton?
What is Palace of Westminster's architect and heritage designation?
is it true that the SSK6-1s optimum viable temperature is greater than 24.0?
Which country housed the Indian Independence Movement?
Name a nonmetal discovered in England  that starts with letter O
What did Sidney Crosby draft?
Who was presumably thought to be a student of Strabo?
Who is the son of Jacob Conover?
What is John X's persumed date of date according to sourcing circumstances?
Which is the patron saint of the place of death of Anna de' Medici?
Is it true that the fee of Harvard University is less than 90?
What is BIA PSY person ID for Carl Rogers ?
Who is the captain of F.C. Porto?
What are the autonomous region of the People's Republic of China which start with the letter X
What is the time zone that Marseille is located in?
What award did Harry Martinson adn Eyvind Johnson receive together?
Mention the headquarter location of the Russian Orthodox Church monastery.
What is Bandysidan player ID for Sergey Lomanov ?
Who are the writers of the academic subject Ten simple rules for editing Wikipedia?
Name the female who discovered the Horsehead Nebula.
What conflict is depicted is Raising the Flag on Iwo Jima?
What is being treated in an individual with arteriosclerosis?
What is the category for recipients for the Noble Prize?
When was Vittorio De Sica nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor?
What is Auñamendi ID of Miguel López de Legazpi ?
What is the timezone of the place Sallust died?
Did the East India Company own the Britannia and the Busbridge?
Which is the ISNI for Marit Bjørgen?
What is total fertility rate of Trinidad and Tobago that is determination method is estimation process ?
Which church is located in the parish border Krukengrund?
Where is the deathplace of Gediminas, whose twin town is Irkutsk?
What is the fuel system of electricity?
In the 68th Academy Awards, what nomination did Mira Sorvino receive?
What is Ferenc Molnar's compArt person ID?
Which is the Great Aragonese Encyclopedia ID for Allium cepa?
Tell me medical specialty whose name has the word trichology in it.
What is the state of India that contain the word "uttarakhand" in its name ?
Who is drafted by the Boston Celtics?
Is the maximum number of players for the coxless four 0.0?
Name a religious concept in Hinduism that contains the word "yatra" in its name
Which is the golf course arena carrying designs patterns of Donald Trump?
What is the religious affiliation of Vladimir the Great's child?
What year did Le Corbusier win the Frank P. Brown Medal?
Tell me the city which is enclaved within Montreal.
who was the pope replaced by?
Is it true that the minimum wavelength sensitivity of the Giant Magellan Telescope is 320?
Which is a used metre of lliad?
"Where is {on harbour} of {Kryvyi Rih}, which has {tributary} is {Saksahan} ?"
Who stars with Ian Carlyle in the production?
What is the service branch  by Julius and Ethel Rosenberg, which has subsidiary entities including Arlington National Cemetery?
Was Hank WIlliams a rockabilly and honky-tonk musician?
When did Aaron Kwok receive the award for Golden Horse Award for Best Leading Actor?
When did Marco Polo marry Donata Badoer?
What appearance of a Christmas tree happens every January 19?
What is the home venue of the Green Bay Packers?
Who proved the theory of Proper Motion? Their surname is Halley.
What head coach is the New York Yankees named after?
What are the national cuisine which start with the letter m
Which is the television series which contains the word zigby in it's name?
Tell me about spouse of Barbara Walters and start time?
What is the second language of Peter Faber which regulatory body is Pontifical Academy of Latin?
What is the honorary title given to Albert Gunther which was won by P.A. Buxton?
Is it true that the topographic isolation of Pollux equals to 0.7?
where is the headquartes of  formation of google located?
What is melody of Tristan und Isolde ?
What time has Manhattan listed as the end time for a maritime evacuation event?
What is the diplomatic relations like in basin countries of Lake Okeechobee?
What two cities hold the principle offices of Financial Times?
How many active ingredients are in lidocaine?
Where was Augustus II the Strong buried?
Is it true that the semi-major axis of 1627 Ivar is greater than 2.2361778?
What is the CBS municipality code of Nijmegen?
Was Herbie Hancock the winner of the award for the Grammy Award for Best Pop Collaboration with Vocals?
What is the total fertility rate of Sudan with estimation process?
Is the half-life of silicon-36 less than 0.54?
What is a sovereign state for office held by the pope's head of state?
What is the Malayalam alphabet?
Which programming language did Dennis M. Ritchie create?
WHICH IS THE ZUCKERART THAT CONTAINS WITH THE WORD SYRUP IN THER NAME
Which reward was The Diary of Anne Frank a nominee for?
Name a business whose heaquarters are located in Lyon
What is the Commons category of Classic of Poetry ?
What agent had conflict with Lowell English?
mike krzyzewski name
What is Fantastic Fiction author ID of James Ellroy?
"Who is {took part in} of {boy}, which has {theatre season} is {classical antiquity} ?"
What is the country of citizenship and the religion of Elizabeth_Smart ?
Which is the GeneReviews ID for Alzheimers disease?
"What is {holds position} of {Martin McGuinness}, which has {prequel of} is {Member of the 55th Parliament of the United Kingdom} ?"
What what is animated taxondistributed by MGM and {family}
Which is the SAHRA heritage site ID for University of Cape Town?
What is the CPU with the greatest charge?
When did Sarah Bernhardt and Jacques Damala split up?
"What is the birth city of Kirsten Stewart, with the county seat of Los Angeles County?"
Where {faith} {has influence} on {Madonna} ?
When did Alla Pugacheva divorce his wife, Mykolas Orbakas?
When was Isadora Duncan's funeral?
Which is the gens of Sallust?
who culture of state of australian secret intelligence services ?
What are the opening hours for Thursday?
What language does the sculptor of Z3 write in?
"Where is {deathplace} of {Amelia Earhart}, which has {tributary} is {Ayampe River} ?"
Was Cleopatra's child named Caesarion?
When did Barry Humphries receive the Centenray medal?
Which chemical compound has the most binding energy?
Did Mao Zedong hold a position as President of the People's Republic of China?
Is it true that the maximum wavelength of sensitivity of Submilimeter Array is greater than 2.004?
What nonprofit organization is regulated by the association of football?
When was Boris Johnson the Member of the 56th  Parliament of the United Kingdom?
Which is the Commons gallery for Georges Seurat?
What is the work of Jack Warner awarded as Academy Award for Best Picture?
What is the official residence of Queens?
To whom did Gerard Reve got married and when did it end?
What domain has the aspect of bodhisattva?
What is the Commonwealth area with the lowest real gross domestic product growth rate whose diplomatic relation is Taiwan?
What is located on the astronomical body of North America?
Who is the owner of the theatre company that made 'The Birth of the Star Spangled Banner'?
What sovereign state belonging to the International Finance Corporation has the lowest unemployment rate?
Who was the person with Chris Rock when he was awarded the Lunt-Fontanne Award for Ensemble Excellence?
What does Kelly Clarkson do and where is she a citizen?
What is the Uppslagsverket Finland ID for kickboxing?
When did Lee de Forest divorce from Nora Stanton Blatch Barney?
does the explosive energy of the tsar bomba equal 500
What is the bibliography of the  PhD advisor to Karl Herzfeld?
What is the estimation rate of Slovakia fertility?
Tell me {intergovernmental organization}  whose name  starts with s
Is it true that the Wu Tang Clan signed with Loud Records and Ruff Ryders Entertainment?
what is stable version of user interface of amazon kindle?
What is the music genre that is made by Battle Zeque Den
When did Ronna Romney McDaniel become chairperson of the Republican Party?
Which is the Basketball-Reference.com NBA player ID of Hakeem Olajuwon?
What is { solubility } of { nitrous oxide } { solvent } is { water }?
Which {history of topic} and the {geography of topic} is {Melbourne} ?
What is the sister city of Ivan Turgenev's hometown?
Who was the teacher of the musical score of Suite 1922?
Is a black hole the opposite of a stellar atmosphere?
Did Francis Ford Coppola have notable works of The Godfather and The Godfather Part III?
tell me audio and video interfaces and connectors are name has the word ypbpr in it
What is the official language of lives in Pasi Siltakorpi?
What is the active ingredient pharmaceutical product in erythromycin?
Is the PPP GDP per capita of Lithuania less than 22148.8
Is the topographic prominence of the Franzosenkopf less than 4.0?
What Chinese dynasty replaced the Yuan dynasty?
How would you spell meat pie using the international phonetic alphabet?
Where is the human place of birth in Thessaloniki?
What is Anthony Vivaldi's CPDL ID?
did john grisham have a degree in law in the University of mississippi school of law?
Who else participated in Deep Blue with top dog Cray Blitz?
What is GACS ID for West Africa?
When did Johnny Carson start as the presenter for The Tonight Show?
Name the women's association football team who play the least in tournaments.
Tell me me a cryptocurrenc whose name consist of the word "neo" and whose stock exchange bitfinex
What explosive chemical has the highest explosive velocity ?
Is the human genome size more than 3881796000?
Where is the drainage basin of the Brazos River?
Who is C. V. Raman's doctor
Who is the viceroy of Tasmania?
What is the court and application of jurisdiction of Roe v. Wade?
What are the phantom island which start with the letter T
Which German city is twinned with Cardiff?
What position does David Lloyd George hold?
Cholera affects which taxon?
Is Schutzstaffel's subsidiary Reich Main Security Office and 21st Waffen Mountain division of the SS Skanderbeg?
In the consort of Myrna Loy, what is the service branch?
When did Supernatural win the Favorite Pop/Rock Album award?
What is the international organization for World Bank?
what was the position held by john major and when did it end?
TELL ME TRADITIONAL FAIRY TALE WHOSE NAME HAS THE WORD SNOW IN IT.
WHO IS THE PARENT OF SON FRANCESCO I SFORZA ?
Which are the cites of Tractatus Logico-Philosophicus?
"Who is {nomination received} of {George Marshall}, which has {champion} is {Mikhail Gorbachev} ?"
Who is the showrunner of The Apprentice, who also has a sister called Robert Trump?
Were Dutch and Hungarian the official languages of the Holy Roman Empire?
How do you pronounce coffee in the Georgian language?
tell me demigod of Greek mythology wears hide  starts with h
What is the cardinality of the complex logarithm input set?
Tell me the famine which starts with the letter t?
What position is held by Ramsay MacDonald and when was he elected?
tell me about thoracic disease that contains the word syndrome in their name
what is the world heritage Tentative liste ID of  Univirsity of Tahran
What language did Juan González de la Pezuela y Ceballos translate for Os Lusíadas?
"Who is {tenant} of {Windsor Castle}, that has {employment} as {postage stamp designer} ?"
When did Veronica Lake and Andre dé Toth end their relationship?
Is normal distribution named after Bernhard Riemann?
Is the apoapsis of the Aotearoa 3400 equal to 2.126?
Which bourbon whisky has the lowest alcohol by volume whose country of origin is united states of america?
What is the genetic association of major depressive disorder with the determination method TAS?
When did the Three Kingdoms period end in Korea?
What book series did the author Dante Alighieri write?
Tell me biogeochemical cycle whose name has the word cycle in it.
WHICH IS THE ASSOCIATION OF FOOTCLUB THAT STARTS WITH W
What was the result found in the species of hypothetical protein ipg2828?
Where is the name of the continent of the mountain belt in Mount Caywood?
Is Azcapotzalco in the Mexico City administrative territory?
Which are the grants academic degrees for Master of Business Administration?
Who regulates the genetic association of hsa-miR-5006-3p in molecular biology
Is the toughness of Grivory GM-4H less than 7.2?
what is {PhD advisor} of {favorite player} of {Anthony Giddens, Baron Giddens} ?
"What is name of John Foster Dulles Latin script that has alphabet?"
Is Ridley Scott the child of Luke Scott and Jordan Scott?
Which new conference did Donald Trump participate in?
who unit of density for measured by of density?
Tell me the point in time for Pierre de Fermat has academic degree as Bachelor of Laws?
Which is Greek nymph which was the partner of Apollo?
Who was nominated for an Academy Award for  Best Sound Mixing in Gladiator?
What are the national sports team  which start with the letter t
What children did the brothers and sisters of Emmanuel Philibert, Prince of Carignano, have?
At what role did John Tyler replace William Henry Harrison?
Which is FIFA player ID for Stanislav Cherchesov?
What was Laurence Olivier nominated for at the 12th Academy Awards?
Which is the Crossref funder ID of the National Museum of American History?
What is the SIRUTA code of Constanta?
Whats the Brockhaus Enzyklopadie online ID of Chile?
Name a Luther city that contain the word "worms " in its name
When did Roman Abramovich marry Irina Abramovich?
Is it true that the target interest rate of Central Bank of Azerbaijan equals to 5.25?
Was Rupert Grint's occupation a actor and child actor?
Was Hugh_Grant relative Rick Cosnett?
Which is stated in Tripitaka?
What is the  Mississippi Sports Hall of Fame ID  for Brett Favre ?
What is the academic area of work of Viktor Bespalov?
Which is the GCatholic church ID of Archbasilica of St. John Lateran?
Roger Milla was a member of which sports teams and how many matches did he play?
When did the marriage between Marilyn Monroe and James Dougherty end?
Which is the Kinopoisk person ID for Stanley Donen?
Name a disease that starts with the letter Y
What is on geographical feature of Greater Antilles whose continent is North America ?
What happened to the SS Naronic?
What is {chairwoman} of {working for} of {Vannevar Bush} ?
Shen Bao has a partner city of Rotterdam, what is the main location of the publication?
What are the regions available on the coast of Lower Saxony?
How many medical conditions are treated by diazepam?
What position did William Carmichael replace John Jay in?
which type of quantum particle has highest gyromagnetic ratio?
Tell me literary genre whose name has the word vita in it
Which equation do I use to measure horsepower ?
What is the parent company of those who work at Roberta Bondar?
What is the official language of Alice springs-Soverign state?
What is the text input for the Aruba flag emoji?
What is native language for Vincent Auriol ?
Name a memer of the Oracle Corporation
Name a musical composition by Dionysus
Who was the goddess Artemis?
What position did Martin V hold that was eventually replaced by Eugene IV?
Which  is farthest north of place held by Balkans Campaign?
What category of people are in Odoacer
Which is dantai code for Kyōto Prefecture?
When was Phonenice located in the administrative territorial entity for Damascus?
Who gave the{route of administration} of {consequence} of {cyclohexane} ?
What is {religious affiliation} of {ethnicity} {Sirhan Sirhan} ?
Who practices and researches Economics?
Who was the inventor of the B-tree, who was awarded the Officer's Cross of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany?
Where in Père Lachaise Cemetery is Jean-François Champollion buried?
What are the speakers of the working languages of the Kingdom of England?
Who is the presenter of The Tonight Show?
Who is the general manager of the Chicago Cubs?
Is the power consumed by the World Space Observatory more than 1200?
Is Vidhan Sabha executive body of Assam?
When was Vasily Chuikov awarded the Order of Lenin?
Tell me fictional detective whose name has the word sam in it.
which  is working of   film producer of My Blue Heaven ?
Tell me kinship whose name has the word uncle in it.
what are the painting which start with the letter y
What Academy Award subject is Mercedes Ruehl nominated for as Best Supporting Actress?
What number follows -2?
Was the thickness of the Bronze Age equal to .615?
What what is gas giant child astronomical body by Enceladus and also which starts with letter s
Is the Z scale scale 1:220?
Is it true that The X-Files featured George Murdock?
What is the CDB Chemical ID for isopropyl alcohol?
Is the beats per minute of the Colorless Aura equal 50?
Which is the Darts Database player ID of Phil Taylor?
who county seat for  died in of Innokenty smoktunovsky ?
What is the language official of World Baseball Softball Confederation whose typology is nominative–accusative language?
When was the Arab League founded that shares a border with Ethiopia?
What is the National Park Foundation ID for the Rocky Mountain National Park?
Who is the  {human} for {doctoral advisor} of {Claude Shannon}
What is SIC code of forestry ?
When does the head of government of Seattle starts its work period?
What is Angela Merkel's abgeordnetenwatch.de politician ID?
What are the comic strip which start with the letter z
What is the political party in Catalonia with min number of representatives in an organization whose political alignment is left - wing?
which organization name starts with z
Who is the {aircraft fleet} for {uses} of {airplane}
What is the genus with the highest chromosome count in the taxon rank?
What is EDIT16 catalogue author ID for Leo X ?
Does the height of the BMW i8 equal 1?
Edward Livingston replaced Martin Van Buren in what postion?
Which is the birth place of Malcolm Allison, that is bordered by Purfleet?
Which protein interacts with oxytocin?
Which is the LTI Korea Library ID for Choe Chiwon?
What are the ancient civilization which start with the letter s
What's the name of a novel series that starts with the letter "t"?
What are the municipality of the Netherlands  which start with the letter s
What is the genetic association that can be found in species with post-traumatic stress disorder?
Where did Pierre Curie live, which has the timezone of UTC-02:00?
What non-metropolitan county shares a border with Hampshire?
Is the position angle of northwest by north equal to 391.5?
Which is Xeno-canto species ID for Meleagris gallopavo?
What is the secular state of the MIN(PPP GDP per capita) whose diplomatic relation is with India?
What is the location in New York City for Edward Hopper's place death?
Which is Parks & Gardens UK Record ID for National Maritime Museum?
What was Ray Rennahan from Gone with the Wind nominated for?
What is the 2.1 with the highest speed whose participating teams is Katusha 2016?
When did Tony Walton become the spouse of Julie Andrews?
Who is the person for the military branch of KGB?
Is the watershed area of the rio de Santa Maria Zobenigo greater than 0.00083176?
WHICH IS THE CATEGORY FOR RECIPIENTS OF THEIS WARD FOR HONOR
when did Okinawa Prefecture have the Santa Cruz Department as its twinned administrative body?
What division does Jurandir Fatori's team play for?
Freddy Krueger and Fred Krueger, is a serial killer and the main antagonist of the A Nightmare on Elm Street series. A family man on the surface, Krueger was actually the serial killer known as the "Springwood Slasher". When he was caught and subsequently released on a technicality, the parents of his victims tracked him to the boiler room of the power plant he once worked at and burned him alive. Krueger was offered the chance to continue after his physical death, becoming a Dream Demon that could enter his victims' dreams and kill them in the Dream World, which would thus cause their death in the physical world and absorb their souls afterwards.
Which is the decay mode for alpha decay?
What are the stars and stripes from the star spangled banner?
When is the location born in Jamshid Mashayekhi which is a partner town of Havana?
Is the dynamic viscosity of the acetic acid greater than 0.6288?
WHO THE DUBBER OF RUKH FROM WORK?
Where did Christopher Wren major in Latin?
Which language is used in Gibraltar that has a quality of second language?
Which is the candidature that Gustav Winckler took part of?
Who is Johnny Cash's stepparent?
Who plays the current role of the title character in Deadpool?
How can you tell migraines have PRDM16?
When did Riga become the capital of Latvia?
Is the operating temperature of the Nesjavellir power station 190?
What is the name of the theatrical character of Hamlet?
What ceremony takes place in Leicester?
Tell me the brain region that contains the word thalamus in their name
Is the kinematic viscosity of propylene glycol equal to 0.054?
Which is the parity of Higgs boson?
For Ryan O'Neal was in nomination of Golden Globe Award for Best Actor-Motion picture Drama?
What theory did Grigori Perelman prove?
Which career did the character Buffy the Vampire Slayer choose?
Which is the public holiday that is a day in year for periodic occurrence of 21 Tishrei and contains the word sukkot in it's name?
When did Nantes begin having Johanna Rolland as head of government?
Who is the Head of State  of the Austrian Empire?
What is the ship with the lowest payload mass whose manufacturer is ERROR1?
What is Cyworld ID for Park Geun-hye ?
Which is the OS grid reference for Bradford?
Charles the Bald position is what and he got his position after which person?
Which is the ISBN-13 for Watership Down?
David Letterman is producer?
Which French killer had the most victims ?
Does the SAF 2507 have a pitting resistance equivalent number that is greater than  45.24?
How many things are designed for Doom?
What is the significant role played by Giant Magellan Telescope in the field of Construction?
The Moon is found in which subtopic of the geological history of the Earth that has moon in the name?
Since when was Manichaeism found in Egypt?
whos is owner of the kiss that have members of is g20
What position did Félix Faure hold before he was replaced by Émile Loubet?
Who is the son of master Lou Harrison?
Who first described the element osmium and was born in Selby?
What was the category for which Shirley Booth received the Tony Award for Best Featured Actress in a Play?
Who was Bill Gates's mother?
What is Lysimachus's noble title and who follows?
Can you say which national library has the smallest collection?
What was F. Murray Abraham nominated for in the 57th academy awards?
What is the local dialling code of the Dallas Morning News?
In what field of work does José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero work in?
What is {temperature} {on river} of {Iberian Peninsula} ?
Is Joule the measurement for transparency and work?
WHICH ARE THE NUT THAT CONTAINS THE WORD NUT IN THEIR NAME
Which isotope of indium has the most parity?
Where was the plot of North by Northwest, filmed in California, set?
What is the fate of Joaquin Archivaldo Guzman, who was first described as El Faro?
Which is the poetry collection that has traditional Chinese characters as writing system?
What political party does Jacinda Ardern belong to?
When did Ahmedabad become Presidency of Bombay which was located in the administrative territorial entity?
What do you call the incarnation of Jesus Christ?
What award was John Williams nominated for in Close Encounters of the Third Kind?
What is budget for Grand Theft Auto V?
when was samuel beckett nominated for nobel prize in literature?
Who is the child of Ofelia Medina's life partner?
What is the connecting line of Chulalongkorn University?
What is the method of determining eating disorders that has the genetic association of RASGRF2?
Who is the PhD candidate for Niels Bohr?
Which is {position of head of government} of {service operator} {MiG-21} ?
how many officers are there for the united nations secretary-general?
When did Lorin Maazel received the Grammy Award for Best Opera Recording?
What are Lee Friedlander's national diplomatic relations?
What was in the aspect of the instruction set architecture whose painter was Gerrit Blaauw?
When was the {official trip} for {participant} of {Emmanuel Macron}?
Who was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Original Dramatic or Comedy Score for the film Casablanca?
What are the coachwork type which start with the letter van
Who is George W. Bush's sister that has crafted as enterpreneur?
How many matches has Rinus Michels played?
What is the set of 1?
Which Class II combustible liquid has the highest median lethal concentration?
Tell me the airline that starts with the letter p
What is JewAge person ID for Ludwig von Mises ?
Who is the owner of Hon Hai Precision Industry?
What Japanese TV series has the most number of seasons and was originally aired in Japanese?
Tell me  security agency whose name has the word state in it.
Tolyatti has what OK TMO ID?
Which son of Isaac has a son named Shuah?
When was Athens, Greece founded?
What does it mean if you are convicted of desertion?
Followers
Who is the chairperson of the Communist Party of China and who are his followers?
What is the origin of Death Note's diplomatic relation?
What is the SpeedSkatingNews.info speed skater ID for Eric Heiden?
Was Hirohito buried in Tokyo at the Mausoleum of the First Qin Emperor?
What is competitor War of the Triple Alliance's name in its original language?
Charles the Bald position is what and he got his position after which person?
What are the ring system  which start with the letter r
What represents the organization of the siblings of Louis Gigante?
What team does Eric Cantona play for, and how many matches has he played?
What is SCT's HomoloGene ID?
What what is separation process discoverer or inventor Zosimos of Panopolis  and which that starts with d
Is Paul Gascoigne a member of a sports team?
Are frankenstein and frankensteins monster and elizabeth lavenza have characters?
Name the Yukon quest with the minimum size of team at finish whose location is braeburn lodge?
What is the chemical compound of polyvinyl chloride?
Tell me about member of sports team of Ian Rush and number of matches played?
which magazine starts with z
Which is the Billboard artist ID for Vicente Fernández?
Does the port of the Multicast File transfer protocol have less than 6482.2 capacity?
Where in the administrative territorial entity of Umbria was Monica Bellucci born?
WHAT Australia and Oceania ?
Where and what did Hilary Mantel study?
What treatment is Neil Diamond getting for his health issues?
Is the individual tax rate in Sweden 25%?
What is Léopold Sédar Senghor's Dialnet author ID?
Which is the AFL Tables coach ID for Ron Barassi?
Are the assets under management of the BlackRock less than 8146800000.0?
Which is possessed by spirit by spirt?
Tell me political party whose name has the word veritas in it.
When Alec Guinness was nominated as Academy Award for Best Actor?
What is the name of the administrative body for the capital of Mumbai
What is it?
Who is {executive authority} of {play} {snowboard} ?
What were the last words of Jesus Christ?
Which is the historical nationality for the location of Bilbao?
Who is in the administrative territorial entity of Tbilisi and when is the end time?
What borders Senegal and yet is a member of AFRISTAT?
Who are the members of BP and their chairperson?
Who is the mother of Julio Iglesias and Enrique Iglesias?
Who is {writer} of {bibliographic citation} of {Survey of human genes of retroviral origin: identification and transcriptome of the genes with coding capacity for complete envelope proteins} ?
Where in the Soviet Union did Andrei Bely die?
Is it true that the melting point of mercury is less than -45.6?
What is the base of a cube?
Which is Japanese Baseball Hall of Fame ID for Hideo Nomo?
Who has surname as Mireille Mathieu and similar to Matias?
What is Fawlty Towers' AlloCine series ID?
What does Pinocchio appear in the form of?
How many langues does Kamal Haasan speak?
Is the conversion to SI unit of the statcoulomb greater than 2.6685128e-10?
Is it true that the mother's mother's mother family relationship degree equal to 3?
Tell me recurring sporting event whose name has the word world in it.
Who discovered the boron?
Which is the rank of the taxon parent of Physalis philadelphica?
Tell me reference model whose name has the word model in it.
Tell me theorem whose name has the word theorem in it.
Tell me the house cat that contains the word мyka in their name
TELL ME SEASON WHOSE NAME HAS THE WORD WINTER IN IT.
Which is the date of burial or cremation of Miloš Forman?
Which the {subject has role} and the {location of discovery} of {Iodine} ?
DOES THE LITERATE POPULATION OF DHARAMPUR EQUALS 0
Tom Hanks voiced which 3D film ?
Which is the organization that has it's headquarters located in Aachen?
What mythical character that contains the word zau in their name
Is it true that the valency of monotransitive verb equals to 2?
How many mothers did Eros have?
What are the signs of Typhoid fever which can be treated with Dopamine?
For which sports team does Thierry Henry play and how many matches has he played?
What branch of science starts with the letter "v"?
What were the statements when Michelle Pfeiffer got nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actress?
Who is the {municipal archive} for {archives at} of {Aachen}
"Where is {disciples} of {Nadia Boulanger}, which has {location of death} is {Azores} ?"
How many out of school children are there in Eritrea?
Tell me physical quantity whose name has the word work in it.
What power plant and manufacturer is responsible for the Rockwell B-1 Lancer?
Tell me about animated feature film for voice actor of Ellen DeGeneres?
Tell me superhero that contains the word wolfsbane in their name
Which is the subject in Sunyata having science,that studies about Buddhist studies?
What drives the subject of the language change statement
How many matches did Diego Maradona participate in with the A.A. Argentinos Juniors?
What state is the University of Iowa located?
Tell me about spouse of Julio Iglesias and end cause?
Is it true that the thermal diffusivity of adobe is less than 0.216?
When did Ryan Giggs become a member of the Manchester United F.C.?
What specimen type does Piper nigrum belong to?
What is the solitary with the lowest height whose instance of is Tilia platyphyllos?
Which is {continent} of {death place} of {Thomas Morley} ?
Who is the brother of the actress Trishna?
In what position did Charles XIV John of Sweden replace Charles XIII of Sweden?
Which is {official language} of {basin countries} of {White Sea} ?
When did Betty White win the Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Game Show Host?
Which is the Wikimedia template that populates this category of Gujarati?
How much did Ellyse Perry score when playing for which team?
What is the document published by the National Constituent Assembly that contains the word "citizen" in its name
What is the daughter of Leopold II, Holy Roman Emperor, whose sister is Maria Anna d'Asburgo-Lorena?
Who replaced Charles Evans Hughes as the Chief Justice of The United States?
what is the key incident in the provenance of Glencore?
What parent body constellation is Messier a part of?
Name the eponym of volt, who is professor by profession.
who  work of motif of david with the head of goliath ?
Which document is the main regulatory text of the Soviet Union?
What is the parent university of Purdue University?
How many members of the crew are there for John Jellicoe , 1st Earl Jellicoe?
What is Proxima Centauri's companion?
Who is the candidacy in election for United States Congress?
What are the linguistic typology and grammatical gender of Spanish language?
Is The New York Times published in Manhattan, New York City?
Who is the child of William Jennings Bryan that has the biological sex of male?
What is the reservoir of Lake Winnebago?
Which fruit type is the higher taxon of Philodendron edmundoi?
Which song was Ringo Starr nominated for the Academy Award for Best Original Song Score?
This sentence makes no sense.
When Camille Pissarro ended to work at Netherlands?
For which work Patrick White received the Miles Franklin Literary Award?
When Alexandria, Diocese of Egypt, ended?
Who owns Disneyland and who is it named after?
What are the treaty which start with the letter t
Is it true that the caliber of Ehrhardt 7.5 cm Model 1901 equals to 60?
What is the item operated of a B-29 Superfortress?
Which is the instance of Puduhepa?
Which is the process function of the measured physical quantity of joule?
Tell me dyed whose name has the word yan in it.
Was Helen Keller a member of the Transport Workers Union of America?
What game is played by backgammon players and contains the word backgammon?
What is the first described of the ideology of Progressive Party?
Which is the HQ location in The Economic Times having Indian reservation in Bombay State?
Joseph belongs to what family?
Who are the film crew members and cast members of Game of Thrones?
"Which is {marry} of {Cassiopeia}, who {has son} is {Andromeda} ?"
Is Spain's unemployment rate 25?
What is the language of the people indigenous to chupenme la pija giles ndeahhre?
What is the garrison of AT&T, which is in the settlement of Denton County?
n/a
which time of the day contains the word morning in their name
When did Aurangabad become part of the Hyderabad State?
What position was David Cameron elected to?
what are the mathematical notation which start with the letter s
When and where did Victor Hugo marry his spouse, Adele Foucher?
Tell me about member of sports team of Rinus Michels and number of points/goals/set scored?
Who is the winner of Friends who has received Primetime Emmy award for Outstanding comedy series?
Which is the NLP ID for Georgias?
IS THE SERVICE LIFE OF THE AMBATOVY MINE EQUALS 29
Is Mary I of England a sibling of Edward VI of England?
How many street addresses are located in the {FIFA} ?
Which image compression contains the word graphics in it's name?
Which is antonym of painting of Madonna enthroned with child and Saints Petronius and John the Evangelist ?
Is Scientology the same as Church of Scientology?
Which videogame studio developped Pong ?
"Who is {rector} of {Moscow State University}, which {alumna of} is {Saint Petersburg State University} ?"
What is the academic degree of Al-Waleed bin Talal?
What is the death location, whose partner city is Jakarta, of Samuel Butler?
Which antiparticle of the antineutron has the longest mean lifetime ?
What kind of steam engine was invented by james Watt
Name a film shot in New York that starts with letter S
What is the business with the least debt on the Euronext?
What is the EC number for electron transport chain?
Was Jimi Hendrix's death related to the EMLL 24th Anniversary Show?
When Don Bradman ended as member of Australia national cricket team?
Which taxon has the highest chromosome count?
Tell me the Human population and birthplace of konstantin khabensky?
What is Flags of the World ID for Union Jack ?
which is scientific area of developed by of perl?
Which is the Japanese writing system for the writing system of Japanese?
What is the object I.D. of L.L. Zamenhof at the Museum of FAine Arts, Boston?
What is alphabet  language signed of  Ōe no Yoshitoki ?
Is it true that the residence time of water in Tai Lake equals 0.79?
When did Shivaji and Sakavaarbai become married?
What is the organize sport of Super_Bowl ?
Get  the postal code for Baidu that is headquartered at Beijing?
Dies the Center for Jewish Studies Heidelberg students count equal 110?
What {subject has role} which {physically interacts with} of {Dopamine} ?
What is the taxonomic type of Cactaceae?
What are the radiation particles that contain the word cosmic in their names ?
Which is the EIDR identifier of E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial?
Which is the period The Great Gatsby was set in?
When did Ana Kasparian graduate from California State University, Northridge?
What are the titles of The X-Files episodes?
Who is The X-Files' creator and executive producer?
What is the official language of Vantaa?
Who is known for being the script writer of Barefoot Gen: Explosion of Tears?
which record did pole vault hold and which is the height?
Who was replaced by Clovis I as King of France?
Which is the sign language for the signed form of Esperanto?
Which detached object has the highest mean of anomalies?
What is the admin HQ of Alma Matter and Victor Hugo?
What is Northern England's total imports?
Tell me Mahavidya whose name has the word tara in it
what is magnetic moment for electorn?
Which is the mathematical formula of the shape of the cooling tower?
Is the annual energy output of the Greater Gabbard wind farm equal to 1800?
Which {musical instrument} of {musician}  is used on {A Theme from The Threepenny Opera} ?
Which is the FIPS 55-3 (locations in the US) of Fresno?
Which is the automobile model that is manufactured by Honda?
Does Michael Jordan wear jewellery?
When did Andrei Mironov and Yekaterina Gradova get married?
How many {twinned administrative body} are there for {Monterrey} ?
Was Chandragupta Maurya the student of both Chanakya and Vidyananda?
Which nonprofit organization has the highest total expenditure?
Which is the extensive physical quantity that is measured by the inertial mass and starts with the letter m?
Which CAF Champions League has the highest number of points/goals/set scored?
Which is the metasublass for diaspora?
When did A.R. Rahman receive the IIFA Award for Best Music Director?
How many country citizenship are taken by Antonio José de Sucre Farell?
What are the winged horse which start with the letter pegasus
Which of the chemical compounds with an active ingredient of Qutenza has the highest Scoville grade?
who is the head of government of Vancouver?
What is the public company with the most debt subsidized by Carrefour Bio?
Who worked as the manager/director of École Normale Supérieure?
Which is the LoC and MARC vocabularies ID of Albania?
What award did Brokeback Mountain receive in the 78th Academy Awards?
Which is the membership as a member party of Denis Sassou Nguesso?
What is the opposite of inorganic chemistry?
Which is the Thai cultural heritage ID for Khlong Saen Saeb?
Which is the fictional universe which takes place in the fictional universe of The Matrix?
Give the name of the hill with the highest isolation whose is at a high range.
How many things are founded by Oprah Winfrey?
DOES THE NUMBER OF CYLINDERS OF THE KKSTB 197 EQUALS 2
Tell me town in Croatia whose name has the word šibenik in it.
What is TORA ID for Uppsala ?
What is  the Flora of North America taxon ID for Amaranthus?
What is the project codename for Windows 10?
What gaming platform is Second Life on?
When did Peter Freuchen join the Social Democrats?
What country related to Israel has the highest debt related to GDP?
Is it true that the maximal incubation period in humans with leprosy equals to 21?
What does social science essentially study?
What is a product of the automotive industry that is similar to a power-driven vehicle?
What are the form of government which start with the letter unicameralism
Is it true that the number of episodes of Mansfield Park is greater than 0.8?
What is the railway gun with min muscle velocity whose country is France
DOES THE EFFECTIVE FIRING RNGE OF THE 70 K EQUALS 13120
When was Andhra Pradesh in Hyderabad?
Give the name of the gram-negative strain that has the highest maximum viable temperature.
Which is the Australian Parliament ID for Kurt Waldheim?
What is the volcano ID, assigned by the Smithsonian, for the Taal Volcano?
What are winged horse which start with the letter p
What town is twinned with 2NE1?
What theatre did Frank Gehry design?
What is the taxon synonym of angiosperms?
Is the gestation period of the Gorilla less than 324.0?
What is the VAT rate in Hungary?
Does the proton have a magnetic moment that is equal to 0.0015210322053?
Who is the cast member for the role of Bunny Lebowski in the Big Lebowski?
Who are the writers and collaborators to Chris Odom?
What are the comics character which start with the letter viper
Who wrote Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde ?
Who are the children and siblings of Alan Alda?
How many sponsors are for Juventus F.C.?
Does the elevation above sea level of the Beemster equal 4?
Who is Nicole Richie's mother?
What is the type of procedure for the taxonomy of Durio
Which FPGA prototype open source hardware has the highest voltage?
What is in the  airline hub of Qantas ?
How many basic forms of government are there in Syria?
Tell me public company whose name has the word yandex in it.
Which award was received by Andrew Scott for his fictitious character Sherlock?
Is the lighthouse range of South Channel Pile Light less than 2.4?
What genre of music is in the series titled Bound?
WHat does biology study ?
When did Ernest Renan become a member of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences?
What is prescribed drug of academic field of oncology?
What is the kinship with the lowest family relationship degree whose series is Ahnentafel ?
What is the sign for February in Catalan Sign Language?
Tillandsia usneoides has a basionym of what?
Who is the party chief representing Shaanxi?
What is the unemployment rate of the candidate on the Eastern Front?
What is the excipient with the highest kinematic viscosity whose safety classification and labelling is NFPA 704: Standard System for the Identification of the Hazards of Materials for Emergency Response?
What region does Leo Visser compete in?
Is the total expenditure of the Central Catholic High School 4169127.6?
Where does Gloria Estefan work and where did her formation occur?
Where did Walter Scott die?
How many space missions did Yury Romanenko complete?
Tell me  the mantra that contains the word mantra in their name.
How many input methods does Minecraft possess?
What date disbanded for label Calvin Harris ?
When did Alexander Graham Bell divorce from Mabel Gardiner Hubbard?
What is KINENOTE person ID for Jean-Paul Belmondo ?
Tell me circumstellar disk whose name has the word belt in it.
What nationality is Jerry Lucas?
Which is the category for films shot at the location of A Coruña?
Tell me excipient whose name has the word xylitol in it.
what is mineral species distributed by ccs  and also which starts with letter p
What is the time of the day in year of Easter?
What species was found to be the host of the hypothetical protein Mb0514?
What fictional universe did Green Lantern take place in and who create Green Lantern?
In what theatrical field was Allen Ginsberg employed?
What episode preceded Opie's Newspapers?
What is birth name of Charles Simonyi ?
Does Lauren Bacall belong to Arab and Ashkenzai Jews ethnical groups?
What sports team did Abedi Pele belong to and how many matches did they play?
Is the time index of the Thout more than 0.8?
Name the carbon-containing flammable gas with the lowest standard enthalpy of formation ?
The Kingdom of Hawaii utilizes the base currency of which government or authority?
What awards has Loretta Lynn won?
Did Ryan Gosling receive an award at 19th Satellite Awards?
Which is the Eurovision Song Contest song ID for Celine Dion?
Who's home town is New York City and made the musical score from The Rite of Spring?
Who is appointed by the United Nations Secretary-General?
Which of Grace Kelly's works had earned her a nomination for an Academy Award for the Best Actress?
Which is DORIS ID for loggerhead sea turtle?
Is the electronegativity of the selenium equal to 2.55?
What is the medium mountain stage with the lowest event distance whose general classification of race participants is Nairo Quintana ?
Name the church monument where Paul was the patron saint
What was Robert Donat nominated for in Goodbye, Mr. Chips?
What country uses the sterling pound as its currency?
Which is {location born} of {concubine} {Margaret Rudd} ?
Is it true that the suicide rate of Nara Prefecture equals to 20.736?
"What written by creator of The Adventures of Tintin, has been prize awarded as the Officer of the Order of the Crown?
What are the analytic function which start with the letter function
What Arctic oscillation blizzard had the lowest level of precipitation ?
Who replaced Thurgood Marshall as the Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the US?
Which is the product or the material produced of tomato juice?
Which is the AlloCiné person ID for Leslie Howard?
Which is the International Paralympic Committee athlete ID for Oscar Pistorius?
Which is the Daum Encyclopedia ID for Brexit?
What is the genetic association that regulates the molecular biology of hsa-miR-4323?
Did Nina Simone record at Bethlehem Records and Collectables Records
What takes place on Rosh Hashanah in the month of Tishrei?
Emmanuel Macron is the head of which sovereign state?
What is the monument with the highest luminous intensity whose heritage designation is Rijksmonument?
What playing range does the alto saxophone have?
What field does Fernand Maillaud work in?
Which polytheistic religion did the Etruschi follow?
Who is the player that participated in Barbora Spotakova?
Tell me the method for determining hypertension with a CACNB2 genetic association?
Is it true that the highest break of Jak Jones equals to 139?
Does IBM own Cognos and Mark sense?
What tree is in the Quebec provincial logo?
Where is the death place of Gerrit Rietveld located in the district of Themaat?
Which is the domain of subset?
For what song did Kid Cudi receive the Grammy Award for Best Rap/Sung Performance?
What is ISzDb company ID of The Walt Disney Company?
Which religious book is represented in Melchizedek's work?
How many platforms does Tomb Raider have?
Which is the LIPID MAPS ID for abscisic acid?
What was Claudette Colbert nominated for in the 8th Academy Awards?
Name an online dictionary written by John Simpson that contains the word "dictionnary" in its name
Is the fee of Ueno Zoo equal to 300?
What is killed by Harry Potter?
Who located the administrative territorial entity resting place of Harald III of Norway?
How many employers are there for Edward Snowden?
Which is the summit of the highest point of Shanghai?
What is the CPI inflation rate of the endemic to of  the Indian cuisine ?
Who is {club manager} of {actress} of {WrestleMania III} ?
How many people are head of the government for {German Democratic Republic} ?
Which religious text did Exodus follow?
Which is Agassiz checklist number for Danaus plexippus?
Captain Gerry Brisson plays for what?
What is located in the landscape of The Scream?
Who is the airline alliance of Singapore Airlines?
Who are Sandrart.net artwork ID of Laocoön and His Sons?
What is the official symbol of New Brunswick?
Which is the update method for iTunes?
When did the Indiana Film Journalists Association give George Cloooney the award for Best Actor?
What is the rank was held by Jimmy connors as tennis singles?
what is in the modified version  of Over the Rainbow ?
What is the birthplace of Konrad Adenauer, which is bordered by the Rhein-Berg District?
When was Bangalore part of the Mysore State?
What is tutor Andreas Vesalius' career?
Does the 645 Agrippina have a longitude of ascending node equal to 0.16770508344013?
Was Tonya Harding a professional pair ice skater?
Is the quantity of Sandbox on December 12th less than 9.6?
Name a country related to Israel that starts with letter H
Which is the automobile model as the vehicle normally used by Elizabeth II?
Who is the {gene} for {genetic association} of {allergic rhinitis}
What is the Unifrance ID for The Wages of Fear?
What muncipality of Norway starts with the letter "ø"?
Mention the fictional human character murdered by Luke Skywalker
What is the JMA Seismic Intensity Database ID for the 2011 Tohoku Earthquake and tsunami?
Is the global-warming potential of octafluorocyclobutane greater than 10440?
Who contributed to the published works of El Mundo?
Which is the GS1 Manufacturer code for Google?
Which is the public company that has the material produced of Coca-Cola?
Is the horizontal depth of the DP 0193 Egg-shaped vase with small mouth greater than 36.0?
What is designed and influenced by JavaScript?
Who created Esperanto?
Who is the {island nation} for {participant} of {North African Campaign}
Where is the governmental capital of Ujjinakoppa?
What college did Virgil Thomson attend?
What award was Dianne Wiest nominated for at the 67th Academy Awards?
: Does Zhigulevskoye has alcohol by volume equal to 4.8
Who publishes the book " Examining the race specific prevelance of hidradenitis suppurativa at a large academic center, results from a retrospective chart review"?
Who is the operator and builder of the Bombardier Dash 8?
What is the opposite of a superhero
Which is the two-part episode for the series The X-Files?
What is the subsidiary of which is owned by of Laserdisc ?
On what day were the children of Teodoro Obiang Nguema Mbasogo born?
Which is part of the ecology?
Which rare disease killed Lou Gehrig?
Which is the male given name for the language of work in Russian?
What are the Luther city which start with the letter w
Who is the  {Turkish bath} for {named after} of {Suleiman the Magnificent}
Waht actors are in "Romance Revisited: The Songs of Jose Mari Chan"?
Which is the Open Library ID for Albert Ellis?
Which is the social of intangible cultural heritage status of the inventory of the immaterial cultural patrimony of France that starts with the letter d?
Which business division does The Walt Disney Company belong to?
Who are the relatives of Heinrich Himmler?
At which university does Linus Pauling work?
Which means {World Golf Hall of Fame player ID} for{Tom Watson} ?
When did Henry Steele Commager receive his education from the University of Chicago ?
Which Chinese character has the tallest stroke count?
What is on the coast of Aleutian Islands, that has a tributary in Los Angeles River?
What is the national necropolis in France with the highest quantity buried whose located in the administrative territorial entity is Souain-Perthes-lès-Hurlus?
Does cinnamon contain a natural product of taxon called Cinnamomum verum?
What countries participated in the Battle of France?
What what is animated film  city of the United States chicago
What award Angela Lansbury has received at Tony Award for Best Actress in a Musical ?
Who was the significant person during the trial Brown v. Board of Education?
What hockey team in the NHL contains Ottawa in their name?
Tell me national cuisine whose name has the word mex in it.
Which referendum in Ireland, following the Eighth Amendment of the Constitution of Ireland, has the least amount of spoiled votes?
What is the {studied by} and the {partially coincident with} of {Human_body} ?
How many Doctor Who spin-offs are there?
What is the wikipedia article for the Autobahn?
Which is the scientific academic field of Zdzisław Szymański?
What is the height record held by Renaud Lavillenie?
Was Aristotle a student of Heraclitus?
Of what sports team is Kenny Dalglish a member and how many matches has he played?
When did Nicolás Maduro start as Secretary General of the Non-Aligned Movement?
Which is FAO 2007 genetic resource ID for Hereford?
Which is the RKDartists ID of Donatello?
What film production company was founded by Oprah Winfrey?
Which sovereign state participated in the North African Campaign?
Who developed the continent of the Amundsen Sea?
What position and sports team does Thierry Henry play on?
What is the supplementary intercardinal direction with the highest angle opposite of east-northeast?
Which port has the highest production rate?
Tell me sport discipline whose name has the word  wheelchair in it.
Name the listed Salzburg town monuments containing the word Salzburg in their name.
Did Mark David Chapman undergo detention at Attica Correctional Facility and Wende Correctional Facility ?
Who is the composer of All We Know?
Name the record label behind the surge of Suge Knight
What is American Airlines airline hub for the international airport
Which is the Florentine musea catalogue ID for Primavera?
When Lily Tomlin, the spouse of Jane Wagner, was born?
Where is the resting place of dedication of the Church of St Peter?
What is the Sister City of the final resting place of Hafsa bint Umar?
Which is {characters} of {software framework} {Civilization VI: Rise and Fall} ?
Who is the parent company of the label of Carabao?
Who is the author of and who illustrated the cover of Treasure Island?
What is Mikhail Botvinnik's Israel Chess Federation player ID?
What what is animated nonprofit organization distributed by MGM and English
What is the history of oppression?
Tell me which programming language implementation starts with the letter y?
tell me aspect of history name has the word propaganda it it
How many architects worked on the St. Peter's Basilica?
Did Miles Davis record and label the RCA and Capitol Records?
Which is the union for administrative territorial entity?
who inhabitants} of state of mbuji-mayi ?
State the confederation of Jefferson Davis?
"chupenme la pija giles ndeahhre"' is written in what language?
What was the HH-60 Jayhawk developed from?
Which role does Markwayne Mullin play in government?
Who is the sibling of Subutai?
Who dubbed the series Pretty, Pretty Dresses?
What is the subdivided into  of the land of Dubrovka ?
When was the death date of Akiva Ben Joseph according to the Pre-1584 Gregorian Calendar?
What are the municipality of Spain that contains the word zumaia in their name
who Wikimedia category for category for employees of the organization of Columbia University?
Did Louis VI of France die at the Chateau de la Douye?
How many processor cores does Xbox one have?
What songs are on the tracklist of Led Zeppelin IV?
WHICH IS THE ICE HOCKEY TOURNAMENT THAT CONTAINS THE WORD TROPHY IN THEIR NAME
What career uses a fishing reel?
Is the inflation rate of Japan equal to -0.6?
Where is the anatomical location of the cerebellum?
What sister of Jean Shrimpton has brown eyes?
For what work was Russel Crowe nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actor?
Name a vegetation zone in Europe that starts with letter T
n/a
What is L-Tyrosine encoded by
What is the personal name of David Eddings is it said to be different From Taavet?
Who is the brother or sister of George II of Great Britain?
was the 2013 german federal election canadidacy age 21.6?
How many participants are playing with Steffi Graf?
What is MobyGames group ID for The Sims ?
Is the event distance of the diaulos equal to 0.8?
Was Website software engine Microsoft?
What are the integer which start with the letter i
The country of Catania has which cities?
Where is the location born of Mischa Maisky, which is adjacent to the Mārupe Municipality?
How many people own a Nissan?
When was BP the headquarters location of London?
Which is measured by  quantity of erg ?
Who is related to Kate Spade?
What is the political party that Hillary Clinton is a member of?
What organization did Alexander Pushkin found?
What is the official name for Taos Pueblo which is designated as a World Heritage Site?
Which color appears in Rocketeer?
What is Legacies of British Slave-ownership person ID for William Ewart Gladstone?
In which year Clive Palmer joined as a member of political party in Liberal National Party of Queensland?
What political border does the Congress of Vienna have cause to be interested in?
What is capital of Ōtsu ?
What is the namesake of the Riemann zeta function, which has the Cauchy–Euler equation in its significant works?
What is the INEGI municipality ID of Tlalnepantla de Baz?
When did Yuri Koptev start as the manager and director of the Roscosmos State Corporation?
What is the human population of the originates of the Charolais cattle?
Is Dublin located next to the Liffey and the Royal Canal?
Tell me the United States federal executive department that contains the word department in their name
Where is the co-founder of The Evening of Ashura from?
What is the capital of Chicago
Theo van Doesburg is the Prime Minister of what place?
Where will be Namada after she leaves river source?
Which is the Hederich encyclopedia article ID of Hades?
what is the {represents} for {North Atlantic Treaty} that has {signatory} as {Dean Acheson} ?
IS THE BITE FORCE QUOTIENT OF THE DHOLE EQUALS 132
Who gave the{takes places during} of {previous is} of {New Year} ?
How many children are out of school at Wish You a Merry Christmas?
What is the CiNii ID for Belvedere?
Tell me the scientific model that starts with the letter w
Who won the Battle of Austerlitz?
Of the 2015 Baga massacre, does the number of those missing equal 2000?
Is there a Thanksgiving in Panama?
What is the posthumous name of Emperor Taizong of Tang in the writing system of traditional Chinese characters?
Who developed the Hughes H-4 Hercules?
When did Wes Craven divorce Bonnie Broecker?
Which is the nonprofit organization if the formation location of Paris?
What field of work does Porfirio Díaz do?
WHO COMES BEFORE OR AFTER ESTONIAN SOVIET SOCIALIST REPBULIC?
What awarded Peter Sellers was nominated for at 37th Academy Awards?
What Chinese dynasty followed the Yuan dynasty?
What is the union for Airbus A320s?
What writing system does Arabic use?
Is it true that the publication interval of the Cuore is less than 1.2?
What is the series ordinal for chairperson Kaoru Kamata at Waseda University?
When does La Plata?
Give the chemical compound with the least speed of sound who is part hydrogen?
Which is the fruit type of nut?
What relative or kinship is the first cousin once removed descending of Salvador Allende?
Who is the sponsor of Henry Luce?
Which musician is successor of Sleeping Beauty.
who brother of 1st place medalist of Screen actors guild life achievement award ?
What is Project Gutenberg ID for Oliver Twist ?
when did Stuart Broad end his contract as a player with Liecestershire County Cricket Club?
What is PACE member ID for James Callaghan ?
Mention the horse used by Robert E. Lee during mounting.
Did Reinhard Heydrich die of cholangitis and/or ballistic trauma?
Was the lowest atmospheric pressure recorded during the 1935 Labor Day Hurricane higher than 1070.4?
Which is the KOATUU identifier for Cherkasy Oblast?
For what Walter Huston nominated for The Treasure of the Sierra Madre?
What is  designer of ship armament  in2015 San Bernardino shooting ?
Is it true that the memory capacity of the diskette equals to 1152?
which of the villages has endemism of leafy seadragon?
Is the rural population of North Sikkim district 31252?
What is bordered by Netherlands Antilles and is located in the administrative unit of Amiens?
Which is the INEGI locality ID for Torreón?
What honors have coined the compact disc?
Mention the symptoms and the signs resulting from the tantalum
Which is the UNESCO Atlas of the World's Languages in Danger ID of Coptic?
Tell me a civil parish that begins with the letter w
What is the used language of Jack Nicklaus, that has AWLD statues and is 1 safe?
Where there 3.2 perpetrators in the Enoch Brown school massacre?
How much acreage is the death place of Saul Bass?
Which is the CERO rating for The Legend of Zelda?
Who gave the{typology} of {language native} of {Uyghur people} ?
What is the edition of the game platform of Star Trek Online?
What major event happened to Alfred Doblin and were did it happen?
What is Metroid Prime's GameRankings game ID?
What part of North Dakota is located in the Mountain Time Zone?
When was Niels Bohr nominated for a Nobel Prize in Physics?
Using a typology of time-manner-place, in what language does Hiroshi Sugimoto write?
What is next to Confederate States of America having diplomatic relation of Ecuador?
What's the icebreaker for the US National Archives Identifier?
What's the human for Adelaide's design?
Is it true that the distance from Earth of the Polaris is 518.4?
Is the position angle of the southwest by west equal 236.25?
tell me the agriculture revolution that contains the word revolution in their own name.
What is is the name of the anatomical artery branch of the large intestine?
where is the powerpoint of  steam turbine?
When is Chinese New Year?
Is it true that the lighthouse range of Farol de Pedra de Lume equals to 0.8?
What is the Mémoire du cyclisme cyclist ID for Bradley Wiggins?
In what year was Valery Gergiev awarded the State Prize of the Russian Federation?
Who is the actor in Captain Typho?
Does the rate of fire of the VAP submachine gun equals to 1200.0?
According to the census, what is the population of the Antofagasta Region?
What is e-mail of Ilona Staller ?
Is the nominal GDP per capita of Poland less than 15065.46?
Which is the Behind The Voice Actors person ID for Julia Roberts?
Are Calophyllum inophyllum and Jasminum official symbols of Andhra Pradesh?
Does the boiling point of the hexadecane equals 286.79?
Who is the maker of the board game Score?
For what show was Zooey Deschanel nominated for a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Comedy Series?
Which G-type main sequence star has the maximum stellar rotational velocity?
What is the professional term for Rugby?
What is the age range described by the term young adult?
Is the numeric value of the Boltzmann constant less than 1.6567788e-23?
Are there more than 3.6 floors below ground of the Plaza 66.
Give the central processing unit with the lowest thermal design power whose part of the class is L3 cache?
Who composed The Carnival of the Animals?
How many people are in the Labour Party?
Where was David Icke born and what position does he play?
What are the giants for Heracles ' murder?
Which is the Academia.edu institutional ID for University of Naples Federico II?
What magnets does the Large Hadron Collider use?
How many health specialties are there for the deficit hyperactivity disorder} ?
What is award received of Harlan Ellison that is  work is \Repent, Harlequin!\ Said the Ticktockman ?
When was William Ramsay nominated for a Nobel Prize in Chemistry?
Who designed the nuclear weapons tests for the Manhattan Project?
which building has the highest cost?
When did Alan Greenspan leave his position as Chair of the Federal Reserve?
What {civilisation} {denominates} {Yazdegerd III} ?
What is KEPN ID for Wolverhampton ?
What is the custodian of the connected  with Roadside station Echizen ?
What city is the capital of Lagdo?
What isEncyclopædia Britannica Online ID for ton ?
Did Sarah Silverman play the guitar?
What are the inhabitants of the location where Alexander Fleming died?
What is the name of a tournament that starts with the letter w.
In what year was Leon Jouhaux nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize?
What was Edward Albee was nominated for on the 19th Tony Awards?
Did Katrina Kaif make films?
Who is the person that was influenced by Hypatia?
who titleholder of nomination received of nebraska ?
Was LL Cool J in the genre alternative hip-hop and new school hip-hop?
Is the flattening of Venus zero?
Was Niki Lauda member of Scuderia Ferrari and Renault F1?
What college libraries are at Yale University?
Who created Memoires d'Outre-Tombe?
Which is the Encyclopaedia Metallum artist ID for Dave Grohl?
How many people self-identify as Democrats?
When was Forrest Gump publication date
Which brother of Atahualpa has sons?
was zodiac killer's occupation serial killer?
Where is incumbent of professorship position of John Budden ?
Who is profession's field is musician having a timeline of topic of history of music?
Which is the stereoisomer for L-Phenylalanine?
Which is the death place of Gustav Mahler?
When did Oliver Sacks move to New York City?
Name the musical instrument used in song Face to the Sky song
What event in the 1951 24 Hours of Le Mans did A.J. Foyt take part in?
What position did Raymond Poincare hold and is now being replaced by Jacques Bainville?
who is the empire for diplomatic relation of ottoman empire?
What is the founder of the located in of The Parnassus ?
Who are the writers of Mahabharata with children in Dhritarashtra?
What is the outcome of summer Olympics 2012 opening ceremony at Kenenisa bekele?
Who is the inventor of the anatomical location of sinoatrial node disease?
Which is the CAS Registry Number for calcium chloride?
What is the weapon model with the maximum rate of fire whose subclass of is naval artillery?
Which is the religion text that has as an edition that of King James Version?
What is Invaulable.com's artist ID for Johannes V. Jensen?
Who is the discoverer of runes that has a girlfriend in Gunnloo?
which public educational institution of the United States starts with letter u
What is orbited by of star of Messier 4 ?
Is the earthquake magnitude on the Richter magnitude scale of the 2000 Yunnan earthquake more than 7.08?
Which is the BSD Portal athlete ID of Felix Loch?
For which category did Henry Mancini win in the 34th Academy Awards?
Is the perimeter of Lai Lung .11?
Are the number of cases of the yellow fever equal to 136000.0?
The antiparticle of an elementary particle is what premium particle?
Who are the kids of Shiva whose life partner is Devasena?
When was Daniel Ellsberg granted the American Book Awards?
Did A.R. Rahman receive the Chevalier Sivaji Ganesan Award for Excellence in Indian Cinema and Zee Cine Award for Best Background Music?
What academic subject is Euler's identity the discoverer of?
What is Sächsische Biografie of Lucas Cranach the Elder ?
Michael Dell is CEO of what privately held company?
Is it true that the magnetic moment of the helion is -0.000000000000000000000000010746174?
Is the personal best of Caster Semenya greater than 138.396
What is the type of quantum particle with the lowest g-factor whose interaction is weak interaction?
When was Benedict Cumberbatch awarded the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Miniseries or a movie?
Tell me milk tea whose name has the word tarik in it.
Is it true that the production rate of Jumilla more than 203978.4?
What can you develop with Autodesk Vault?
Which is the BioLib ID for false gharial?
When did was Natalia Revuelta Clews the partner of Fidel Castro.
Tell me the name of a religious denomination which starts with the letter u.
Who is the fallen angel that is worshiped by Christianity?
What is the principle basis, for the Special Region Law of Hong Kong.
What is the Women's Sports Foundation ID for Jennie Finch?
What is the organization that regulates Esperanto?
Is it true that the cost of damage of Hurricane Sandy was equal to 68680000000?
When did educated at of Venus Williams and academic major?
Which empire did the Parthian follow?
Is the Bohler N680's hardness 59?
Is the employment by economic sector of Amsterdam equal to 209100.0?
Who was Richard I of England's mother?
What is the middle name of {Frederick I whose nick name is Frederick?
who movie director of part of series of home court disadvantage ?
Tell me programming paradigm whose name the word programming in it.
What are the mythological serpent which start with the letter z
What is the dynasty of Meiji whose co-founder is Jimmu?
In what country is Mikhail Fridman a citizen?
which laws applied for potassium hydroxide ?
What is Q48460 language official of Khwarazmian dynasty ?
What position did Arthur Griffith hold in East Cavan?
Which is the BDCYL authority ID for José Echegaray?
Is the vapor pressure of the Nonane equal to 3?
Which is the discontinued date of PlayStation 3?
How much full-time work is available at the North Atlantic Treaty?
What governor of Aosta Valley was also a veterinarian?
Which is the Arch Linux package for PHP?
Which is the age of candidacy for South Korea?
What type of relationship did the siblings Carl Philipp Emanuel Bach and Wilhelm Friedemann Bach have?
Are the number of records of the Ontario public library ID more than 454.8?
Was Benedict Arnold from the military branch of the Royal Navy and Continental Army?
What language of William John Macquorn Rankine has a typological order of place-manner-time?
What markup language is HTML5 based on?
What is the diplomatic relationship between Algeria and Indonesia?
When was Tomas Garrigue masaryk nominated for Nobel peace prize award?
Which is the cardinality of this set of 1?
Which is the British Book Trade Index ID for John Knox?
Which television series did {Francis Ford Coppola produce?
What are the United States Supreme Court decision which start with the letter v
Who is the songwriter of the song, Rhapsody in Blue?
What may be prevented with aspirin?
What is developed from fruit?
What Philippine city with the largest electorate is in Bohol?
DOES THE MAXIMUM THRUST OF THE CONCORDE EQUALS 676800
What is the composed by of the described by work of Lizard ?
What is Vancouver Island bordered by in administrative units?
Which Class IIIA combustible liquid has the highest IDLH?
What custom contains the word zwänzgerle in its name?
Which ensemble of buildings has the smallest intensity of luminosity?
What material is produced by Chevron corporation?
What role does John Hope Franklin have in the American Historical Association?
State the mathematical concept behind the Spacetime manifestation.
Which central bank has the highest target interest rate ?
Did Paul Simon receive the Lifetime Achievement Award at the 60th Primetime Emmy Awards?
what is the instruction set of runtime windows 95?
Name a mutant in X-MEN that starts with letter W
When did Reinhard Heydrich stop being the President of Interpol?
what is the human population from the originates of Mind?
"Where is {death place} of {Ignaz Semmelweis}, which has {next to} is {Heiligenstadt} ?"
Which is the German cattle breed ID of Jersey cattle?
Which is the date of baptism in early childhood of Diego Velázquez?
For what work was Seal in nomination for a Grammy Award for Best Pop Vocal Album?
What separation process did Zosimos of Panopolis invent with the word "distillation" in its name?
"Name the birth city of Skepta in the country of Nairobi that has been subdivided"
WHICH IS THE MONTORY AUTHORITY WITH THE MOST TARGETINTEREST RATE
Who is Calvinism named for?
Is the periapsis 15817 Lucianotesi less than 1.40172756?
When is Naruto Uzumaki's birthday?
What is inflation rate of consumer price index aspect  of History of Trinidad and Tobago ?
Tell me Beer festival whose name has the word oktoberfest in it.
which position David Trimble holds and when did he select?
To whom did Chrissie Hynde get married and when did it end?
What is bordered by death of William Booth
Tell mec ommunist party whose name has the word práce in it.
When did Leslie Lamport start working for Microsoft Research?
How many airline hub are done by All Nippon Airways
What is the name of the democratic republic, previously occupied by indigenous people, which now the majority of its population speaks American English?
Tell me an arithmetic calendar that has the word calendar in it's name.
Who is this cast member from the show Game of Thrones?
Name the person who was married to Enki, who had a legislative period in the Ancient Near East?
What is formed in burial place of William IV, Prince of Orange ?
When did Jonathan Franzen received his National Book Award for Fiction?
Which Shumen cave has the lowest temperature?
Is Burt Reynolds a citizen of America?
What is the country of the Bangalore?
When did Romario receive the World Cup Golden Ball?
What is the name of the person who died due to amyotrophic lateral sclerosis?
What sports co-founder is apart of E.&H.T. Anthony &Co.?
What are the paradox which start with the letter u
What is the Africultures person ID for Ryszard Kapuscinski?
Which {role model} is {contestant} of {The Black Dahlia} ?
Is William Lawson's first name the same as Gwyllym?
When did Katharine Graham receive the Library of Congress Living Legend award?
What is the chemical compound of erythromycin when interacting with a significant drug?
What is the office held by the governor called?
Did Lolita reference The Emperor's New Clothes and Eulalie?
Who was the voice actor in The Lion King?
What is the event location in action of the Allies?
What is the Diamond  the same as and what is it named after?
What is the working language of endemism of the Tasmanain devil?
Which is {won by} {succeded by} of {Freestyle skiing at the 2014 Winter Olympics – Men's moguls} ?
What is dissertation submitted to for Gordon Brown ?
When did George Frederic Handel graduate from University of Halle-Wittenberg?
What is the head position of the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development
Which is the bore of AK-47?
Which dialect is the official language of the Achaemenid Empire?
What is male  of label for  military officer ?
which federation with the lowest life expectancy whose contains administrative territorial is saxony-anhalt?
What is the {manner of death} and the {position played on team / speciality} by {Babe_Ruth} ?
For which work did Omar Sharif receive the Cesar Award for Best Actor?
Which is the Movieplayer film ID for Once Upon a Time in the West?
Where was the location of the Battle of Gettysburg and who were the participation that fought in that war?
Who plays the sister in Red Line?
What is the holds position of the government headed by Frankfurt?
What is the spoken language of Jadwiga of Poland?
What was the space probe launched from Cape Canaveral that starts with letter V ?
What team does Alcides Pena play for?
Is Rio de Janeiro a sister town to Athens?
Was Natalia Molchanova born in the Bashkir Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic?
Who is the crew of Cosmonaut Michael Fincke?
What is timeline of topic for culture of Belle Barth ?
who is depicted by Phan Thi Kim Phuc ?
What place was Oliver Hazard Perry born that has a diplomatic relation to Chile?
For Bill Varney was Star Wars Episode V: the Empire strikes back of award received in winner?
What country has the lowest inflation rate?
Who is the Mistress of John Wayne, who is also the winner of the "Knight of the Order of Leopold"?
What is the motto of Shahada?
Where is the tourist information office in Frankfurt?
What is ICTV virus ID of Asfarviridae?
When was Saint-Étienne twinned with Fes?
Who is {mother} of {kids} of {Jason Robards} ?
What invention contains the word tourbillion in its name?
What are the place of birth and the child of Pete Wentz?
What part of the series is preceded by "Hooked on Monkey Fonics"?
The antiparticle of a neutron is what quantum particle?
Is the pKa of ammonia equal to 7.368?
Where did this DVD come from and who owns it now?
who sculpted the drawing hands?
Which is the ComicBookDB ID for Warren Ellis?
Who is the Chief Executive Officer of Walmart?
When was Pedro I(who has a son, Pedro II of Brazil) born?
To which musical movement did John Cage belong?
Tell me Original Public Ivy whose name has the word university in it.
What is cover artist for Peter Blake ?
What is the award first described by the Manchester Small-Scale Experimental Machine?
What { end time } has { commander of } as { Kriegsmarine } for { Karl Dönitz }?
What is associated with the Umayyad conquest of Hispania?
who is the writer of Julius Caesar who has a sister named Joan Shakespeare?
Which is the language of work or name of Appetite for Destruction?
Who gave the{son of} of {son of} of {William FitzMaurice, 2nd Earl of Kerry} ?
What is the condition of meterology containing the word drought in its name?
Who is Superman's sidekick?
Which flammable liquid has the highest ionization energy ?
What countries populate the border areas of Malawi?
What is GONIAT ID of Staffordshire?
Who is informed by Friedrich Schiller, that has a father-in-law named Peter Im Baumgarten?
What gelatin item in the collection has the shortest width?
In what film did Jacqui Verdura play Harley Quinn?
Which is the filmography for Orange Is the New Black?
"What is {name after} of {Carnot heat engine}, which has {Christian name} is {Nicolas} ?"
With a local government area of Zhenjiang, where was Gong Qiuxia born?
Which is the Sandbox-String for degree Fahrenheit?
Which is the instruction set of 16-bit architecture?
Where did Zelda Fitzgerald and F. Scott Fitzgerald marry?
Tell me art movement whose name has the word yamato in it.
Which is the DSM-5 of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder?
Was Maureen Connolly victorious?
Did Jennifer Lawrence receive the MTV Movie Award for Best Female Performance?
The Laotian Civil War was fought by what diplomatic parties?
When was Cicely Tyson granted the Candace Award?
Is it true that the cost of Primer equals to 7000?
When did Phil Taylor win the BDO World Darts Championship?
Which is the Italian Senate ID for Giosuè Carducci?
Is the horizontal depth of the High-necked spheroid vase (DP 0212 equal to 28.8?
Did Carole King work with the record labels Epic Records and Avatar Records?
What is the capital city twinned to Kiel that contains the word "tallinn " in its name
What is the name of film studio that starts with letter s
What type of Pentium M microprocessor has the smallest number of processor cores?
Who gave the  {summit} of {system of mountains} of {Stevens Pass} ?
Which is the Historical Gazetteer GOV ID for German Confederation?
Did Chris Pratt perform good as an actor in Guardians of the Galaxy?
On which series Teg Hughes named as James?
What is the official language of Romania?
Which is the mass excess of helium-4?
Who wrote the sequel to The Glory?
What is won by the honorary titles of The Settlers of Catan?
What is Hulk Hogan's Wrestlingdata person ID?
Is the Elo rating of the Noa Saxon Gardiner equal to 1004.0?
Who were the victims due to Cimon's actions?
Which sports team was Valeriy Lobanovsky a member of and how many matches did he play?
TELL ME HUMAN SETTLEMENT WHOSE NAME HAS THE WORD ZANZIBAR IN  IT.
Which is the Entomologists of the World ID for Jean-Baptiste de Lamarck?
Where Clement I dired at Bosporan Kingdom?
Which is the GSS code (2011) of the Lake District?
When was John Dalberg-Acton, 1st Baron Acton, elected as the Member of the 19th Parliament of the United Kingdom?
Ruth Benedict lives in what administrative location?
Which is the National Discography of Italian Song artist/group ID for Mikhail Lermontov?
What is the constituency of the Parliament of the United Kingdom with the most number of representatives in an organization/legislature whose country is United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland?
Is it true that the payload mass of the Vale Beijing equals to 404389?
Please tell me Alistair Brownlee's IAT triathlete ID.
Nathan M. Pusey replaced James Bryant Conant in what position?
Who was the operator of the Airbus A320?
When was Len Brown's last year as the mayor of Auckland?
Tell me chemical substance whose name has the word zeolite in it.
When was Estelle Parsons nominated for a Tony Award for Best Actress in a Play?
Who was Louis, Count of Evreux's mother?
Where were Catharine, Duchess of Cambridge and Prince William, Duke of Cambridge married?
Which position does Justin Trudeau hold?
What instrument does Darrell Pace play?
Is it true that the face value of the United States two-dollar bill equals to 2?
Name a former municipality of the Netherlands that shares a border with Rotterdam
Was Venice administratively intertwinned with Sarajevo and Tallinn?
Was Hamilcar Barca born before 1584?
Is the base salary of Gary Chan equal to 77000?
"What is the language spoken by Ben Carson?"
What statement does Fiji support that can mean a partly free country?
Which is the ISWC of Symphony No. 9?
Who is the developer of Stirling engine whose died in Galston
Is it true that the term length of office of Captain Regent of San Marino equals to 0.5?
Tell me universal library whose name has the word library in it.
Give me the most effected wrench model ?
Who is {favorite player} of {The Rolling Stones}, that has {found guilty of} is {tax evasion}
What is the density of water?
Does Bob Dylan have archives at the University of Georgia?
Is the slope rating of the Crosswater Club equal to 145?
What is INTEGRAL's start point?
what is the facet of a polytope shape of six-side die?
which sport in a geographic region has maximum number of clubs in Australia?
What is the trunk prefix of the shooting location Seven Samurai?
Who is the inventor or discoverer of Dobsonian telescope, whose location of birth is Beijing?
Which are the subsidiary entities of the maintainer of Forth Bridge?
What business is the organization of the American Broadcasting Company in?
When did Charlie Rose receive the James Madison Award?
"Which is {is in the arrondissement of} of {Arkansas River}, that has {divided into} is {Trego County} ?"
Who is the active mayor of Johann Gottlieb Fichte?
which terriain feature group is located on city of london?
what is the birth place of Erik Erikson,is he the head of the national Government Kurt Balum?
When was Pablo Neruda awarded the National Prize for Literature?
What are the influences portrayed by Standards?
What amount of those stated are for Zaporizhzhia?
Tell me about the codon that is encoded by glycine.
What has  pet of dog ?
Was Franklin D. Roosevelt awarded the Albert Medal?
how many are influenced by maimonides?
Is the embodied energy of the glass more than 18.0?
How is Windows 10 updated?
What and where is the record for the pole vault held?
What rotary cannon did General Electric design that starts with the letter "m"?
For how long has Cardinal Mazarin been the Bishop of Metz
Who is the {empire} for {country of citizenship} of {Vladimir Lenin}
Who was the author that appeared in Professor Shattuck?
What does Air China build?
When did Alexander Shelepin stop being chairperson for the KGB?
Who graduated and played Burnin' the Roadhouse Down.
What is Francis's religious name?
Who gave the  {initial cause} of {outcome} of {Mechanization} ?
The Chinese garden has what FOIH heritage types ID?
How much chemical structure are for oxytocin?
What is the order for the Battle of Lepanto?
What is the type of government in the state of Norfolk?
What is Dionysus's character opera?
Frank Gehry created what sculpture?
On planet Nine, the G-type main-sequence star for the child astronomical body is called what?
What is the prequel of Ray Stantz titled?
When did Tom Cruise receive the Golden Globe Award for Best Actor - Motion Picture, Musical or Comedy?
What is the original language of Television in Mexico's typology?
Erythromycin is used to treat what disease the most?
When was Michail Sholokhov nominated for a Nobel Prize in Literature?
Did World War II took place in Mediterranean Sea?
Who founded the superior formation of Weyerhauser, Canada?
What is the business enterprise with the highest maximum gradient whose instance of is business enterprise?
What are the words by My Old Kentucky Home whose career is lyricist?
Is the magnification of the TZF 9b equal to 2.5?
Which is the voice type of Paul McCartney?
What is the highest position in the Greater London administrative body ?
Which President of the United States was James A. Garfield?
What award was Gerard Depardieu nominated for his work of Camille Claudel?
Who owns and founded the company JPMorgan Chase?
Who is the  {chemical compound} for {significant drug interaction} of {(RS)-methadone}
ATP reacts with which protein?
Is Colin Firth a sibling of Jonathan Firth and Kate Firth?
What is the number of out of school children in the planetary system of the Moon?
Which is the residential of Otto Lilienthal nationality?
What is the largest depth of a lunar crater?
Is the maximum age of compulsory education in Sweden equal to 16 ?
What is PRDL ID for Santo Tomás de Aquinas?
Tell me about the television program WWE and its production company.
Who is the stepparent of Ludwig von Mises?
Who gave the {subsidiary} of {previous is} of {Académie des Beaux-Arts} ?
Who is the prime minister at admin HQ of the International Ice Hockey Federation?
Who in San Cristóbal de La Laguna was chosen as register office?
How many albums were recorded by Duran Duran ?
What is the majority age of those who are loyal to Moshe Dayan?
Was Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis a follower of Melkite Greek Catholic Church?
Which is the inscription for Le Déjeuner sur l'herbe?
What is the SI derived unit for the measured physical quantity of density?
Which is the chronology topic of the location in the administrative territorial entity of Grace Episcopal Church?
which record did pole vault hold and which is the height?
Is Roseanne Barr a member of the political party the Republican Party and the Republican Governors Association?
"Where is {place of residence} of {Ewan McGregor}, whhich has {subdivided into} is {Alhambra} ?"
What is the design of the satellite Jupiter Heliopolitanus?
Which is the Deezer artist ID for Green Day?
Is the watershed area of Itzstedter Sea .28?
What is the crafted from of the artist of The Thin Mercury Sound?
What voice  is actresses from work of Death the Kid ?
tell me steroid hormone that starts with t
What movie was Sissy Spacek nominated for an Academy Award for Best Actress?
when is the {point in time} for {Jawaharlal Nehru} who {nominated for} as {Nobel Peace Prize} ?
What year was Nicki Minaj  nominated a Grammy Award for the Album of the year?
Tell me the CGNDB Unique ID of the Saskatchewan River?
What kind of employment do the spouses of Jussi Björling do?
Which is the genealogics.org person ID of Robert Walpole?
What is the royal title of Louis the Pious and who followed his reign.
Is the vibration of the Makita GA7021 equal to 12.3?
Did Wladimir Kilitschko win during Wladimir Klitschko vs. Sultan Ibragimov?
Which is the Butterflies and Moths of North America ID for Geometridae?
Is it true that the prize money of the Aleksis Kivi Award is 150000?
what is the twitch game ID of Dota 2?
When did Billie Jean King receive her award as a "Library of Congress Living Legend"?
How many goals did Garrincha score?
who treated by of method of murder of mohammed rafi?
Which is the association of the chairperson Thomas Bach that contains the word committee in it's name?
What is the name of the secondary national association football team for the Zinedine Zidane Team members?
What is the zipcode of Ludwig Mies van der Rohe?
When is Philo's birthday.
What are the human which start with the letter t
Which is the permanent duplicated item of famine?
Who gave the {prequel of} of {location of narrative} of {Candide} ?
What are the orthologs of genetic association of amytrophic lateral sclerosis?
What subclass model of spaceship has the longest shelf life?
Tell me artistic theme whose name has the word theotokos in it.
Jon Voight was nominated for what award for his work on Anaconda?
Who is the father of Nefertiti?
Is Uruguay's minimum age for compulsory education the number 6?
Tell me freeway network whose name has the word system in it.
Which is the Model Manual ID for Cindy Crawford?
What is the U.S. National Geodetic Survey ID of Mount Mitchell?
Which is the Scoresway soccer person ID for Gareth Bale?
What are the writing system which start with the letter W
What silent short film depicts Richard III of England?
IS THE TIME IN SPACE OF CATHERINE COLEMAN EQUALS TO 207552.O
Which is the Ethnologue language status for Esperanto?
What goddess was from the Inca Empire?
which doctrine starts with the letter t
What is Mathematical Reviews ID for Gérard Debreu ?
What insectiside which contains phosphorus has the highest melting point?
When did the Auschwitz concentration camp become Nazi concentration camp?
What is in conflict of armed with of A.100 ?
What is the opposite of a positron that is pulled by gravity?
Which is the WikiSkripta ID for cell signaling?
What are the inhabitants of the studio where Halloween was filmed?
What's the cell component of cholesterol?
What is the birthplace of Yi Xing, that borders Anhui.
What are the data serialization format that contains the word yaml in their name
IS THE SUBLIMATION TEMPERTATURE OF THE SYNTHETIC GRAPHITE GREATER THAN 7922.4
In what year did Raghuram Rajan receive the Fischer Black Prize?
When was Whoopi Goldberg has received award for British Academy of Film and Television Arts?
when was National Film Award for Best Screenplay  award received of the Arundhati Roy?
Species. See text. Cupressus is one of several genera within the family Cupressaceae that have the common name cypress; for the others, see cypress. It is considered a polyphyletic group. Based on genetic and morphological analysis, the genus Cupressus is found in the subfamily Cupressoideae.
What counties are found in The Kyle and Jackie O Show in the City of Fairfield?
Is it true that the maximum operating altitude of the Albatros D.I is greater than 11808?
which mosque starts with s
When was Alan Sugar held the position as Enterprise Champion?
What is Peter Gabriel's record label?
What is the leaf material used for ?
How many students attend Aix-Marseille University?
What area of law starts with "l"?
Where is Sullivan Glacier island located?
Which means {instrument} for {harmonica} ?
When did Anni-Frid Lyngstad marry Prince Heinrich Ruzzo Reuss of Plauen?
What is {date of death} of {Al-Nawawi}? That is {instance of} is {statement with Gregorian date earlier than 1584}?
Who gave the{product of} of {series} of {Honda RC174} ?
Which is the ancient civilization in the time period of Ancient Near East and whose name contains the word summer in it's name?
Which the venue of the bibliographic citation of the Toward a general psychobiological theory of emotions?
What is the family relationship between Gina Lollobrigida and Guido Lollobrigida?
What aware did Paulo Freire receive as doctor honoris causa?
What was Claude Rains nominated for in Notorious?
In which city in Carbon County was the invention of Frank Zamboni made?
Who is the {human} for {position held} of {United Nations Secretary-General}
When was Leonardo DiCaprio nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actor.
Which is the Hans Christian Andersen Centre work ID of The Little Mermaid?
Where did David Livingstone die?
What start time does Cornelis Drebbel have for working in Haarlem?
who leader  of awards of cliff robinson ?
Is the right ascension of the Sh2-308 greater than 82.84?
What is the type of architecture in the stadium that held the 1902 All England Badminton Championships -- Women's doubles?
Who is the employer and position of Gabriel Fauré?
What are the phonetic alphabet which start with the letter t
Who is the record producer of The Dark Knight Rises?
who married to of  daughter o of Constantine VII ?
Which is the antonym of the location of the moustache?
when was   Ban Ki-moon has position held as United Nations Secretary-General ?
What patent medicine did John Pemberton invent that starts with the letter "c"?
How many cites were there for Dracula?
Is principle office Girls' Generation new label?
When did member of sports team of George Weah and number of matches played?
Is the Gini coefficient of the USA less than 41.52?
Is -306 the melting point of propane?
In what year did Uma Thurman marry Ethan Hawke?
Who replaced Benazir Bhutto as Prime Minister of Pakistan?
Who is {field} {partners} of {Richard Banda} ?
Was Donald Glover a screenwriter?
What is the current time in Singapore MRT?
Canada contains administrative territorial entity of how many?
Kanishka held what position until when?
Is the observing time available for the Very Large Telescope less than 272.0?
What position does Lady Jane Grey hold in the Kindom of England?
WHERE AMONG THE DIVISIONS OF SOUTH HOLLAND IS STREEFKERK
what is the series ordinal for Rainer Maria Rilke has name as Karl ?
What are the results of the iPod Touch 6 developers?
What is Claude Shannon's major?
Tell me the branch of biology that contains the word virology in their name
Which is the domain of saint or deity of Francis of Assisi?
Who gave the {titleholder} of {nomination received} of {Jennifer Capriati} ?
Who were the members of the Lewis and Clark Expedition?
When did noble title of Guy of Lusignan and follows?
The papers at Religious Society of Friends uses what Institutional template?
What is it?
Which is replaced by Tamar of Georgia?
Who is the {discography} for {discography} of {Yo-Yo Ma}
Which is the Catalan Biographical Dictionary of Women ID for Alicia de Larrocha?
who citrate anion for conjugate base of citric acid?
What timezone has the largest UTC offset?
when did receive the award of Golden Hocky Stick?
Name the Original Public Ivy led by a chancellor that contains the word "Carolina" in its name
Which is located and participated in the conflict of Thomas Blamey?
When is the season beginning for the ?
What unit of time can bu used to measure duration and contains the word "year" in its name
When was Ralph Richardson nominated for Best Supporting Actor at the Academy awards?
Is it true that the vehicle range of H120 Colibri is less than 459.6?
What are the Mahavidya which start with the letter t
What style of architecture is Geraldine Page?
What is the country code and internet domain of the European Union?
Tell me the activity which has social control as fabrication method and contains the word management in it's name?
Who is the chef-lieu of the Deccan sultanates?
What is the received signal type of Gaia?
What's a significant universal event?
Is John Wayne and Marlene Dietricha a couple?
Which is the review score for 12 Angry Men?
For what work did Neil Patrick Harris receive an Emmy Award?
Who does Michael Jordan play for and how many matches has he played?
Which is the Israel Antiquities Authority ID for Rishon LeZion?
What animated series does Phil LaMarr voice in?
In what year did Bruce Willis win a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Drama Series?
Which is Models.com person ID for Viola Davis?
What is the { end time } for { the Daily Show } as { Rachael Harris } has { cast member }?
what were the architecture  firm of  home water of  boston  celitics/
What person holding an honorary title was the Nobel prize in Physics for the becquerel named after?
What is the characters of the appears in of Stacy Warner ?
Which monetary authority on the Singapore dollar has the lowest target interest rate ?
Which is the percent area of water for Kentucky?
Which Soyuz-T has the largest periapsis?
Who is the director of photography of Persona?
Tell me the timezone of the main office of the company Uber
In the field of screenplays, what is Steve Gerber's craft?
When is Louis Leakey received award of Hubbard Medal
What twin city of Buenos Aires did John Nevil Maskelyne die in?
Who is the head of government of Delaware?
Is Gwen Stefani's given name Belinda?
When did Pedro Martinez stop playing for the Boston Red Sox?
When did James Prescott Joule receive an Albert Medal?
What is on the Bay of Tsushima Island, that is a tributary of Iwaki River
What timeframe did Lucas Cranach, the Elder, work in Vienna?
Is Prince George of Cambridge related to Charles, Prince of Wales and Pippa Middleton?
What is at the extreme point deepest of Guatemala, whose tributary is Riviere de Cavaillon?
What is Sanskrit's writing system?
In what year was Grand Theft Auto developed?
Who is the performer of the Japanese's Samus Aran?
In what position did Arthur Henderson replace Austen Chamberlain?
What is the cat films shot of One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest?
Which is the soft drink, manufactured by the Coca Cola Company?
Which is the shooting handedness for Mario Lemieux?
Who has the daughter and son of Aglaé Auguié ?
What's the capital of Ōtsu?
What is the sub-item of the History of engineering, that has the same name as the technique?
Which is a Index Fungorum ID of Neurospora crassa?
Was Srinivasa Ramanujan's field of work number theory?
What was the immediate outcome  originating  from the Silvertown explosion?
What are the chemical phenomenon which start with the letter corrosion
What's the currency for the Ryukyu Kingdom?
What is the ticker symbol for NEC which has Nagoya as Stock Exchange?
Were Lionel Richie and Alexander Osminin singers?
Was Rafael Nadal nominated for Best Male Athlete ESPY Award?
When did John Wooden receive the Sports Illustrated Sportsperson of the Year award?
Which is the IUCN conservation status for Equus ferus przewalskii?
Where is the birth place of Arnold Rothstein during the time Ardolph L. Kline was head of the National Guard?
What divisions are directed by the United Nations Secretary-General?
Where was Brain Johnson born and where is his citizenship?
When did Henri Fréville become the head of government of Rennes?
What is the monument of Walter Scott's home?
Who is the regulatory body of the official language of the Republic of Venice?
Which is the taxonomic type for Papilionidae?
what is next to Mie Prefecture, that has arrondissements in the Funai District ?
Which play in the Rugby League World Cup has made use of the rugby league ball?
Who is the {human} for {chief executive officer} of {Ford Motor Company}
What is character role of Turandot ?
What is the Hebrew writing system
What is the AFI Catalog of Feature Films ID of the movie Raiders of the Lost Ark?
Provide the information of Mimas orbits?
Tell me bell tower whose name has the word tower in it.
What island is farthest from the river mouth?
What are the coordinates for the National Aeronautics and Space Administration that is headquartered in Washington, D.C.?
What genre is the work of Sylvain Guyot?
What are the international parliament which start with the letter p
What Wikimedia article lists Paris monuments?
Is Lucille Ball a child of Desi Arnaz, Jr.?
Who gave the  {has states} of {deathplace} of {Pyotr Zakharov-Chechenets} ?
Of what nation is Ajay Devgan a citizen?
Which is the state and country of the Watergate scandal?
What is the MetaboLights Compound ID of Atropine?
Whre does Akhenaten died?
When did Burt Bacharach  received the award for Grammy Trustees?
What is the population of Valladolid?
Who is with Mel Gibson and when does it start?
who co-founded by of label of scotty mcCreery ?
Tell me the male organ that has lymphatic drainage of the Lumbar lymph nodes and contains the word testicle in it's name.
What sovereign state did Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Sea take place in?
What is Newton's law of cooling named after, that was born in Parnu?
Edmund Gwenn was an English actor. On film, he is perhaps best remembered for his role as ... Old Bill, M.P. (1922); Christian Veit in Lilac Time (1922–23); the title role in A. A. Milne's The Great Broxoff (1923); ... Gwenn has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame at 1751 Vine Street for his contribution to motion pictures.
What is the birth place of Raffaele Calace, whose patron saint is Januarius?
Does the total number of penalty minutes in Gary Dineen's career equal 0.0?
WHO IS SISTER OR BROTHER OF SANADA NOBUMASA'S NEPHEW?
which means {volume }in {The Origin of Chemical Elements} ?
who has administrative divisions of neighborhood of eastern front ?
What are the game of skill  which start with the letter t
What is the used language of Latin literature whose case is ablative case?
Is the shear modulus of polyethylene equal to 93.6?
Which is the approximation algorithm of pi?
For which song did Hayley Williams receive the Grammy Award for Best Rock Song?
Who is {chairperson} and {member of} {Popular Unity} ?
Tell me about cola for product or material produced of The Coca-Cola Company?
What is the end time for KWTO (AM)'s Frank Peters Jr.?
When  did the Characters of mentioned in Batman ?
Which bridge did Isambard Kingdom Brunel design?
What is the destination point of Franz Josef Land ?
What are the dog type which start with the letter t
Which funicular has the smallest maximum gradient?
Who are Paul McCartney's sons and daughters.
Which is after a work by Stanisława Przybyszewska?
What petroleum product has the lowest consumption rate?
Which is the category for employees of the organization of the National Autonomous University of Mexico?
Who replaced Albert Gallatin as the United States senator?
Did the brother of Frederick IV, Duke of Austria have any children?
What cellular component has the word "vesicle" in its name?
What Academy Awards was Ron Howard nominated for?
Did Phil Hartman attend Santa Monica College and Manual Arts High School?
What is the head of state's nationality of Francisco Serrao?
When was Nicholas I of Russia awarded the Order of St. Alexander Nevsky?
Who is ideology of member of party of Michel Pouzol ?
when did george orwell receive the award for his work Animal farm?
when did charles mingus jr received the grammy hall of fame award?
Who was stepparent of Emperor Wu of Liu Song?
Is the suicide rate of Nigeria more than 7.6?
What is the population of Timisoara that is determined by the questionnaire?
What is the earliest known sport in Scotland?
Who is the son of the brother of Murray Guggenheim?
Who is the {human} for {composer} of {My Fair Lady}
What was the work of Francis Ford Coppola nominated as Academy Award for Best Director?
Was Mohenjo-daro discovered by John Marshall and Rakhaldas Bandyopadhyay?
What are the cryptid which start with the letter y
What is in the category of Lee Miller ?
What {type of music} is {songwriter} {Princess Mononoke} ?
WHAT IS THE NEUTRON NUMBER OF SILVER?
Is the takeoff roll on the Airbus A400M less than 752?
Was American_Idol presenter Ryan Seacrest and Brian Dunkleman?
Which is the consumption rate per capital of petroleum?
What's the first human that starts with the letter "p"?
Which is Australian Statistical Geography 2011 ID for Hobart?
What is the irritant with enthalpy of vaporization?
Did King Charles I of England and  King Louis XIII of France rule twenty years apart?
Which people are associated with the civilisation of Hadrian's Wall?
Which is the MovieMeter Movie ID of The Wizard of Oz?
For what musical work did Nine Inch Nails receive a nomination for a Grammy Award for Best Alternative music Album?
Which is the satellite state that has the motto Workers of the world, unite! and contains the word democratic in it's name?
Was Stephen King born in Portland?
What city and division did James, son of Alphaeus die?
What is angular diameter for  Sun ?
Tell me archaeological site whose name has the word tripolis in it.
What is the formation of Zero Mostel with subsidiary company in the United States Army Human Resources Command?
In the Diocese of Lapua, which church is the smallest in capacity?
What is a phase change that starts with the letter s.
How many demonyms are there for Africa?
What name is given for the least bite force in Otto's encyclopedia?
Name a decimal classification that contains the word "classification " in its name
In what field of work was Theodosius Dobzhansky awarded the National Medal of Science?
When did Franz Liszt begin his relationship with his partner Marie d'Agoult?
Which is the Canadian Olympic Committee athlete ID of Scott Moir?
What is GitHub username of Google ?
Was John Candy a member of the Canadian Walk of Fame and a recipient of a Canadian Comedy award?
Are the total assets of the Zlin Aircraft equal to 291600000?
How many number of wins in this tournament?
who is the animated feature film for narrator of david Spade?
When is {diplomatic relation} with {nationality} of {Usher} ?
What is known   writer of Shakespeare's sonnets ?
Which are the afflicts that has a result of ethylene glycol?
What movie is named after Denzel Washington?
Name the venue in Romania that had diplomatic relations in Israel during World War I.
What is tourist office for  office ?
Tell me which train service that is operated by Compagnie Internationale des Wagons-Lits and that contains the word express in it's name?
What literary work follows the book of Exodus?
which institution that starts with the letter r
What position is held by James Callaghan and when was he elected?
What is the PTSD treatment medicine?
What did Nick Faldo discover or invent?
What is MessesInfo ID for Notre Dame de Paris ?
Where was Harambe, the gorilla, kept?
Tell me biblical place whose name has the word zorah in it.
GIVE ME THE PROPOSED AIRCRAFT WITH MOST WING AREA
What is the profession of Jose Marti who is also known as Dichter?
Is Barbara Streisand's net worth greater than 312,000,000?
How many students does Jacques-Louis David teach?
Who is the {life stance} of {Zhuang people} who has {formed in} {Bodh Gaya} ?
Who employed J.R.R. Tolkien
Where does the sonata come from?
Who is the Director of Photography and the Director of Blade Runner?
Which is the NASA biographical ID for Gordon Cooper?
What are the world day which start with the letter n
Who has a tomb in All Saints' Church and wrote "Ninety-five Theses"?
What are the standards developing organisation of IEEE 1394, that have subsidiary entities of IEEE Nuclear and Plasma Sciences Society?
Which result belongs to AT&T Laboratories?
Is the VAT-rate of South Korea equal to 10?
Who is the leader of Qantas?
Treaty of Versailles is the aftermath of which world war?
What is the historical aspect of cryptography topic history?
Which is the bridge that is located in the administrative territorial entity of London Borough of Southwark and whose name contains the word bridge?
is it true that the age of candidacy of the member of the chamber of deputies of the parliament of czech republic is equal to 18?
WHICH IS THE MANTRA THAT IS THE FACET OF HINDUISM AND WHICH STARTS WITH G
What is the Belgium's Enterprise number for the European Parliament?
Who is the mother of Jesus Christ
What basic emotion starts with the letter "t"?
Was Old English John F. Kennedy's native language?
How many birth name are for Sarah Bernhardt?
Which is the worst-case space complexity of quicksort?
Which sovereign state diplomatically related to Bolivia has the least central government debt as a percent of GDP?
What is the tribute of Lake Saint Clair?
Where was Jane Austen born and where did she die?
"What is  {Sovietskyi Raion} of {annexation of Crimea by the Russian Federation}, that has {moveable object location}  {has shires} ?"
Where is the aerodrome reference point at Hiroshima?
When was Wendy Wasserstein received the William Inge Theatre Festival Distinguised Achievement in the American Theatre Award?
What is the record label that 50 Cent belongs to called
Is Martin Luther a son of Magdalena Luther?
In which major city is Urdu the official language?
When was Diana Ross inducted into the Michigan Women's Hall of Fame?
What is Flora of China's ID for Citrus ×limon?
What is the zip code where Georges BIzet is buried?
What is cinematografo ID for Wallace Beery?
What's the capital of Paris?
When was Thomas Hardy nominated for the Nobel Prize in Literature?
Was Mitt Romney a bishop and a US senator?
What is { dissolved, abolished or demolished } of { Achaemenid Empire } that is { instance of } is { Gregorian date earlier than 1584 }?
What government was in charge of Hosni Mubarak's sentence?
What is Q48460 of  the antonym  of virtue ?
What is time zone of subitem of of history of Lithuania?
Which is the currency symbol description for Australian dollar?
Which unit of pressure has maximum conversion to standard unit?
Which is the sexual orientation for asexuality?
Which is the league level above the Ligue 1?
How many Feast Days are for Athanasius of Alexandria?
God Save the Queen is the anthem for which island nation?
For which movie did Burl Ives receive the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor?
who rector of works for  georg simmel ?
What denomination in the Durrani Empire has a history in Islam?
Which musical did Andrew Lloyd Webber write?
Name the sea with salt that is used to make brackish water
Which is the Romanian Olympic and Sports Committee athlete ID for Nadia Comăneci?
What degree at Manmohan Singh is Doctor of philosophy?
What effect did the Big Bang have on the universe?
Is it true that Atlanta twinned with Athens and Nuremberg?
Name a borough of New York City closed to water that starts with letter M
Who discovered the generation unit of the steam locomotive?
Which satellite  orbits of Messier 22?
Where was R.L. Stine born and where does he work?
What country is the current leader of the African Union ?
Who is the parent organization and chief executive officer of the Society of Jesus?
Which company owns Burger King ?
Who is Pan's Labyrinth's make-up artist?
When does menopause begin?
What village was Pan Yue born in?
What is the notation that implies centrifugal force ?
What is the country with the lowest median income whose member of is International Bank for Reconstruction and Development ?
Who Framed Roger Rabbit BBFC ranking was what?
Tell me theme park whose name has the word  woman  in it.
Which is the superhero from the fictional universe of DC Universe that starts with the letter s?
Is it true that the attendance of the 47th World Science Fiction Convention equals to 6837?
Who is the executive director at Christopher Wylie's company?
What is The Fleet of the Service Branch of Robert D. Russ?
WHO IS THE TREND ROLE MODEL OF BUCKMINSTER FULLER?
What is the hybrid of hinny?
is the M sin i of HD 181342 b equal to 2.54?
Does the water footprint of the chicken egg equal less than 2612.0?
What key is the Symphony No. 40 written in that was previously F-sharp minor?
Name the construction significant event with the most number of elevators?
What type of taxon is Xynenon?
Which part of the Bible takes place before Exodus ?
Does the scoeville grade of bell pepper equal to 0.0?
What is Charity Commission no. of British Library ?
Which is the JapanTour golf player ID for Ernie Els?
How many surface tensions are there for ethyl acetate?
"What is the genetic association of lung cancer, that has otology as vital?"
What was Pearl Jam nominated for in their work in the The Fixer?
What are the feminist movement which start with the letter w
Which is the Soundtrack Collector ID for Saturday Night Fever: The Original Movie Sound Track?
Which lake outflow's from the Nile?
Is the decomposition point of the limestone equal to 1820.4?
Which is the Recreation.gov area ID for Gila River?
Does the Sigma baryon have isospin z-component that is more than 0.8
Which is the Lambiek Comiclopedia ID for Carl Barks?
Which daughter of Apollo has a male son?
Which is adapted from the common-law wife of Li Shang?
Who is the mother of Hadrian?
When did John W. Henry become the owner of Boston Globe?
What is the asteroid with the lowest rotation period whose site of astronomical discovery is Bishop Observatory ?
who is the replaced by John Hancock has position held as Governor of Massachusetts ?
What is HGNC gene symbol for RHO?
Who is the professional or sports partner of Madge Syers?
Is it true that the standard enthalpy of formation of hydrogen fluoride is greater than -218.64?
What country is Santa Monica in where Fred MacMurray died?
William Shakespeare is the famous for writing's in the Sonnet 72.
Which is the historical region located on the terrain feature of the classical antiquity?
When did member of sports team of Andriy Shevchenko and number of matches played?
Is the drag coefficient of the Hummer H2 equal to 0.424?
What is the databaseFootball.com ID for O.J. Simpson?
Who is the wife of Pierre Curie that is married him in Sceaux?
TELL ME PHYSICAL CONSTANT WHOSE NAME HAS THE WORD WAVELENGTH IN IT.
Is Woody Harrelson's last name really Harrelson?
Who works with Willy Brandt?
Which actor portrayed Batman in the movie Batman?
Is it true that the angular resolution of Hobby-Eberly Telescope equals to 1.8?
What is the antonym of Pol Pot?
What what is  property measured by Wechsler Intelligence Scale for Children   which that starts with letters i
Which is the streak color for apatite?
What is the designer of iPad whose output is Apple Pay?
What type of sport is jujutsu?
Which is the source of inspiration for the characters of The Lion King?
Who is the officeholder of the pope?
Name the native German speaker and songwriter who wrote "Leck mich im Arsch."
Is it true that the median income of the Australia equal 37244.0?
Does the Norwegian krone price equal 0.13
Who is the {person} for {place of birth} in {Chicago}?
Who is the {music genre} for {based on} of {country music}
When did Iannis Xenakis marry Francoise Xenakis?
What are the diplomatic relations of the Kam people living in South Sudan?
Is the maximum temperature record of Russia less than 54.48?
Name a semitic language that used Phoenician alphabet
When will Dublin stop being a part of United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland?
Who is followed by Oliver Twist?
When did position held of Gianni Agnelli and appointed by?
What uses the German language and was co-founded by the Gestapo?
When did Mickey Rourke divorce Carré Otis?
Which is the annexation that contains the word war in it's name?
What takes place in the House of Cards, if the highest judicial authority is the DC Court of Appeals?
What is the subclass and model number of a belt sander that uses the least power?
What was Spider Man's role in "Spider Man: Shattered Dimensions"?
Who replaced Maurice Maeterlink as member of Belgium Royal Academy of French language and literature?
What is Joy Division's influence and genre?
What are Mira Sorvino's gender and religion?
What is the namesake of Hall effect whose craft is university teacher?
What is Dharma Drum Buddhist College's ID of Mount Song?
What is Movieplayer TV-series ID for Supernatural ?
When was Palestine the instance of historical region ?
Which creative works used HTML5
When did David Susskind and Joyce Davidson marry?
What is the { ordinal series } for { Camillo Benso di Cavour } as { Paolo }?
What is the solvent with the lowest Mohs' hardness whose instance of is food ingredient ?
Which is the Collective Biographies of Women ID of Catherine of Aragon?
Which award was received by Midnight's Children which followed Rites of Passage?
who first language of executive power headed by of North Rhine-Westphalia?
When did the Technical University of Munich become a member of the German Universities Excellence Initiative?
How many cast members are in Bicycle Theives?
What is the Circulating Library ID of Charles Dickens ?
who  population of comes from of foreigner ?
Which is the CRIStin ID for Finn E. Kydland?
which dwarf planet has the highest rotation period?
Where was Henri Poincare born, who has the shire of Meurthe-et-Moselle?
Is the quantity buried of the Forest Lawn Memorial Park equal to 119216?
Who is the referee for Earl Strom?
WHat river is crossing Shangai ?
What is the safety classification and labeling for hydrochloric acid?
Who is the {human} for {student} of {Francis Bacon}
What is the job description of job posting 225088?
Jefferson Davis is commemorated for what milestone ?
What is the type of kinship Ana Boyer Preysler has as a relative of Enrique Iglesias?
Which is the Internet Wrestling Database ID for John Cena?
Is the net profit of the Eastern-Siberian Inland Navigation Company equal to 5,578,000?
What is the music of Symphony No. 2 whose L1 speaker is Swedish?
When was Alan Bond created?
What is the battle of Cardinal Richelieu
who favorite player of writer of think like a freak ?
Which is the flag carrier which contains the word qantas in it's name?
When was Placido Domingo the spouse of Marta Domingo?
What is the genetic association with the {post-traumatic stress disorder} ?
What time zone is Rhodes located in during Daylight Savings Time?
What award did Princess Mononoke receive at the Animation Kobe Theatrical Film Awards?
What did is the post of Austen Chamberlain and vested?
What was Carole Lombard nominated for in My Man Godfrey?
Name the bullet train with the highest speed limit owned by Reseau Ferre de France?
WHAT IS CIVILISATION OF PLACE OF ACTIVITY OF CLEMENT XI?
Which is the place of birth for Chengguan District?
What is Laura Kenny's Cycling Quotient female cyclist ID?
What is Queensland ID of Brisbane?
What was the role for which J.K. SImmons received an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor?
What is the endemism of the lyrebird, which has diplomatic relation in Belgium?
Give me the point in time for Camilo Jose Cela has award received as Princess of Asturias Literary Prize?
During what time period did WWII occur?
What is the official currency of United Kingdom?
Which is the route of administration of erythromycin?
was William III of England religion Protestantism cassock?
Who is the  {plantation} for {architect} of {Thomas Jefferson}
Which Christian Church has the pope as the office held by the head of the organisation?
What is SlideShare username of Kennedy Space Center ?
Tell me the dialect of the writing system of written Cantonese that contains the word cantonese in it's name.
What are the major literary works in English?
What research institute is a subsidiary of Brown University?
What is the main color of ruby?
Is it true that Wikidata time precision of the million years equals to 3.6?
How do you pronounce the Earth's structure?
What part of Louisiana's history does the Iberia Parish fall within?
Is the number of season of the Malibu Country less than 1.2?
What is the significance of Juan Carlos I's abdication?
Which hydroelectric dam produces the most energy?
Who is the person in the time period of Ancient Egypt?
What is the name of Donald Ducks family ?
Who directed the movie, Who Framed Roger Rabbit?
What is the diplomatic relation of Limp Bizkit's place of origin?
Which is the Companies House officer ID for Boris Johnson?
In what journal is the Laser potodetachment of O3 published?
What color are Brigitte Bardot's eyes and hair?
What is FIS freestyle skier ID of Mikael Kingsbury?
When Chinua Achebe was nominated as Neustadt International Prize for Literature?
Tell me ensemble whose name has the word uppenbarelsekyrkan in it.
TELL ME THE TALLEST OF FLAMMABLE SOLID?
Who is the narrator of The Catcher in the Rye?
What is ISO 3166-1 alpha-3 code for Réunion ?
Was Louis XVI the sibling of Charles X of France?
What is the University of Sydney's Scopus Affiliation ID?
what is the season of chicago Bulls?
who is owner of player for Milt Palacio ?
Which is the Revised Romanization for Jangsu?
Who speaks the same language of George Michael?
Tell me which is the operation which contains the word product in their name?
Erythromycin has what kind of physical interaction with other drugs?
What are decays of helium-4?
What is the moon of the parent body in Messier 7?
Which is the {sex or gender} and the {ethnic group} of {Tyra_Banks} ?
Which country shares its border with Andorra which is named Andorra-France border?
What toponym of the Spitzer Space Telescope has the forename of Lyman?
TELL ME TYPE OF STATISTIC WHOSE NAME HAS THE WORD VARIANCE IN IT.
What is the location of the headquarters of Symantec in the United States of America?
Who replaced Bonaventure as cardinal-bishop?
WHICH IS THE OFFICIAL LANGUAGE OF GIOVANNI BATTISTA RUBINI?
When did David Robinson become Sports Illustrated Sportsperson of the Year?
What is the { determination method } for { Parkinson's disease } { genetic association } like { RIT2 }?
Tell me rapid transit  whose name has the word subway in it.
What is the official language of the topic of the history of Jamaica?
Which is the Theatricalia theatre ID for Budapest?
What is succeded by Three Kingdoms whose used money is ancient Chinese coinage?
For what was Robert Downey, Jr. nominated for relating to his work on the film Chaplin?
What are the postal codes for Sioux Falls?
What what is territory of australia  by na  and also which starts with letter n
mona lisa artwork id?
When did eBay take over as the parent organization for PayPal?
what is military decoration starts with w
When did member of sports team of Franz Beckenbauer and number of matches played?
Which presidential election had the most eligible voters?
Which is the artist-info artist ID for Camille Claudel?
Name the country maintaining the diplomatic relationship with Soviet Union
"Who is {victim} of {Battle of Ramillies}, which has {time zone} is {Central European Time} ?"
Which sequel is Kingdom of Sardinia, whose chef-lieu is in Rome?
What is in the category of Henry Parkes?
Is the isospin quantum number of pion less than 1.2?
Which is the big city in the continent of North America that starts with the letter v?:
What is the profit for Taiwan High Speed rail?
What is structure replaced by World Trade Center ?
What is the Erdos number for G.H. Hardy?
Which is the inception for The Peasants?
What is the work of Annibale Carracci, whose patron saint is Luke the Evangelist?
Which flammable solid has the highest flammable limit?
What start located in the constellation of Centaurus has the least radial velocity?
Who is the person that had Adelaide as place of death?
What is ethanol's UN class?
Which is the DriverDB driver ID of Danica Patrick?
For what subject did The Deer Hunter receive the Academy Award for Best Picture?
Which is the working language of the deity Yahweh?
Which is the Companies House ID for BBC?
What is the outcome of Hamad bin Khalifa Al Thani that which has been coined Univision?
Which piece that contains the favorite player Plautus was written by Richard II?
What are the mode of transport that starts with the letter v
Did Holly Holm compete in bantamweight?
Which point in time for zibo has twinned administrative body as Gwangju ?
Is the average short length of the Russian Ark 96?
What is list of works for Charlie Chaplin ?
who is the record label and genre of The_Velvet_Underground?
How much money did Sully Prudhomme win when they received the Nobel Prize in Literature?
tell  me social service that name has the word social in it
What is the nominated for award received of Tom_Hardy?
Which fork of the Nile has its orgins in Lake Tana?
Tell me the festival which starts with the letter v!
Who is nominated for Javier Bardem in Nation Society of Film Critics Award?
What metropolis is the sister city of Bern?
Which is the business that has as parent organization the Oracle Corporation?
Tell me the security agency which starts with the letter s!
Which company sings the Star-Spangled Banner?
In what role did David the Second of Scotland, replace Robert the First of Scotland?
Did Neil deGrasse Tyson win the NASA Distinguished Service Medal and the Public Welfare Medal?
What species can reproduce extremely quickly whose family is arachnids?
Is the standard enthalpy of formation for ethanol less than -333.12?
Flavor Fav is a member of what group, and a citizen of which country?
Is the heat capacity of benzoic acid equal to 102.7?
Does Chris Martin play the guitar?
Who played Kunta Kinte in Roots?
What record label are the Sex Pistols signed with and what albums have been released?
How many seats are in prefectural assembly?
Which single-family detached home was designed by Frank Lloyd Wright?
When did Nicolas Jean-de-Dieu Soult gain the position of head of France's government?
How does the heart connect with arteries in the human body?
When will United States Representative, Jeanette Rankin's, term end?
The memory capacity of the Nokia X is 409.6, correct?
Is the number of survivors of PIA Flight 661 less than 0?
Was the number of casualties of the King's Cross fire equal to 100?
When did Vicente Guerroro end his time as President of Mexico?
What is the taxonomic rank of the blue whale?
Which government enterprise operates Airbus A330s?
Which is the chronology which starts with the letter t?
When did Pau Gasol receive the gold Medal of Work Merit in Spain?
Who is the publisher for works by Harold James Mowat?
Did Al Capone follow the religious beliefs of the Meikite Greek Catholic Church?
What is the Royal Society ID of Jocelyn Bell Burnell?
Tell me the mathematical model that contains the word theory in their name
Which is the DAAO ID for Louise Bourgeois?
Is the minimal incubation period of Ebola in humans more or less than 1.6?
What is ForaDeJogo ID for Eusébio ?
I want to know what are the characters from the most famous book Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart?
n/a
What did The Garden of Earthly Delights depict of Iconclass notation?
tell  me American football team that home venue Lambeau Field  name has the  the word bay in it
What is extended from and written by The Man with Two Faces?
The International Council for Science heads up what award?
Name the G-type major prioritized star body in the Uranus
What is the Terminologia Histologica for stem cell?
What medication would you use as a drug to treat asthma?
What is the name of the ranch where Ronald Reagan lived?
Who is the {local coat of arms} for {coat of arms} of {Jerusalem}
What company operates and manufactures Airbus_A380?
When did Rachel Carson receive the Presidential Medal of Freedom?
Which chemical tanker has the largest payload mass?
What is  the twin town of Chiba that has  shires in Shengze?
What isn't of Dave March's thats biological sex is male?
Do {Meat_Loaf} {record label} is {Epic Records} and {Bronze Records} ?
Which role model of Karl Jespers wrote The Origins of Totalitarianism?
Which is the Tela Botanica ID for Diospyros?
Did Robert Lewanowski play in both the 2018 FIFA World Cup and UEFA Euro 2008?
Are the number of words in the Lettres (Musset)/01 equal to 1200?
Who is computing of series of Mario Bros.II?
what is the Vamps shortest tour
What award was Nicolas Cage nominated for that he received?
Was Atom studied by a list of academic disciplines and atomic physics?
What was the depth over terrain presented by Good Morning America?
Is it true that the foreign transaction fee of the MLP Mastercard equals to 1.5?
Which is the category of people buried here in Amsterdam?
Are German and Romance languages concerned with word order?
What manga is written in Japanese?
Is the clock speed of GP2X Wiz equal to 533?
Al-Waleed bin Talal is the CEO of what company?
How is a marathon practiced and where does its name come from?
When did Gary Becker receive the National Medal of Science?
Who owns the New York Times?
What field is Katie Tsuyuki's career?
When did the relationship between Alfonso VI of Leon and Castile and Zaida come to an end?
Is the atomic number of calcium equal to 16.0?
What are the meteorological phenomenon which start with the letter W
Does the number of wins of the 2013 National Women's Soccer League regular season  equal to 79.2?
Which battery storage power station has the max energy storage capacity?
What excipient that's part carbon has the lowest refractive index?
What is connecting service of AVE ?
Tell me posthumous work whose name has the word people in it.
When was Harold Urey nominated for Nobel Prize in Physics?
What is the smartphone model with the highest maximum size or capacity whose brand is Motorola?
Is Adam Mickiewicz a resident in the area that divides into Vyborgsky District, Saint Petersburg
What is the Gazetteer of Planetary Nomenclature ID for Olympus Mons?
What award Katie Ledecky received for Simone Biles?
Which is the {province of Iran} with the {MAX(unemployment rate)} what {described by source} is {Sytin Military Encyclopedia} ?
Who is nominated for the award of Bill Crystal?
What was Gregg Toland nominated for in the 14th Academy Awards?
Which are the floors below ground of Taipei 101?
Does Chelsea Manning live in North Bethesda?
What is the inhabitants of the arrondissement of Apulia ?
Who is Matt Stone's creative partner?
What sports team does Ricardo Zamora play for and how many matched has he played?
Name a recurring event happening in the Pershing County that starts with letter B
Within the Vakhsh River, where did Alp Arslan die?
In Georgius Agricola, what section, paragraph, and verse is it in?
What was the award received by John Huston for his work The Treasure of the Sierra Madre?
What is the god of solar deity, that
TELL ME STATE FUNCTION WHOSE NAME HAS THE WORD ZENITVERZOGERUNG IN IT.
What is the DocCheck Flexikon De ID of myocardial infarction?
What is the god of the Hittites?
Is it true that the maximum temperature record of the Massachusetts equals to 107?
What is the Gregorian date of Kanishka's death which is possibly earlier than 1584?
How many architectural styles are detectable in the Peterhof Palace?
What national holiday references The McGuire Sisters?
When did Sophia Loren received an award as Telegatto?
Where is Glasgow nearest body of water located and where is the administrative territorial entity located?
iWhat are the isotope of hydrogen that contains the word tritium in their name
For which work did Penelop Lively win the Carnegie Medal?
Was the official symbol of Seattle the bald eagle?
Which is the Movie Walker ID of The Truman Show?
Which is the IETF language tag of the Classical Chinese?
Tell me who is found guilty of the head of national government of Pitcairn Islands.
which is significant person of Frederick Douglass ?
Name the afflicts of ibuprofen
Name the operator administration accountable for RAF Ascension Island
Does arsenic-76 half life equal to 1.0942?
What is worked  of grandchildren of Jan Smets ?
When did Callimachus die?
What other movie did the filmmakers of A l'aube create?
What are the colours of Mark Zuckerberg's education?
Who is the {geography of geographic location} for {geography of topic} of {Arab League}
Tell me country within the United Kingdom whose name has the word scotland in it.
Was Joan Crawford married to Phillip Terry?
Where is the publication place of variety that has New York City Council as its council?
Which head of state has the shortest term length of office?
Name an historical region studied by egypotology that starts with letter A
Who is John Huston's stepparent?
Who is the son of Piero the Unfortunate?
What is the parent taxon of Buckwheat?
Which is the Foursquare venue ID of Sequoia National Park?
WHICH IS THE MOUNTAIN STAGE WITH THE MA
XIMUM  SPEED
who role model of words by dónde estás corazón?} ?
What is the name of an algorithm that starts with the letter s.
Is the life expectancy of Lithuania greater than 89.18634?
What did William Wyler do that caused him to receive the Academy Award for Best Director?
tell me geological process name has  word subduction in it
What amount of people worked on the film Catwoman?
Which quantum particle has the largest decay width and is in the boson subclass?
Who is the writer for Nico Robin?
When is the basic commencement date?
Is the operating temperature of TACLANE-10G less than 30.0?
What position was Robert Menzies given to replace Albert Dunstan?
How many movements are for The Internationale ?
Who is the employer of professor Fernand Braudel?
What is the  relation between South Ossetia and  Nicaragua-South Ossetia?
How are called the person living next to Extremadura?
which district of austria starts with w
What language uses the word "Antygona" instead of what is known in English as "Antigone"?
When is spacecraft landing on the moon?
Name the American federal holiday that contain the word " thanksgiving" in its name
Which is the location on terrain feature for Iberian Peninsula?
What position does John F. Kennedy hold and what position was he elected in?
Which is the dog that is in exhibition history of Anchorage Museum and starts with the letter b?
Tell me language whose name has the word äynu in it.
who is predecessor of position held by head of government of Tainan ?
What are the medical specialty which start with the letter t
Tell me about the medical findings regarding the symptoms of lung cancer.
How many children does Grover Cleveland have?
IS THE NOTATION PERIOD OF THE 17 THETIS EQUALS 12.27048
Which  member of the deme Aristophanes ?
WHAT ADMISTATIVE BODY IS THE PAIR FOR THE COMMUNE OF BILBAO, FRANCE?
Which is the Académie des sciences d'outre-mer member ID for Aimé Césaire?
Who was {participant in conflict} of {sister} {Emilio Polli} ?
Where did Niels Bohr earn his doctoral thesis?
when was Linus Pauling nominated for a Nobel Prize in Chemistry
Name a film set in the Marvel Cinematic Universe.
Give the name of the earthquake with the highest magnitude on the Richter magnitude scale?
Which is the CycleBase cyclist ID for Greg LeMond?
Which is the pregnancy category for penicillin?
Which country is landlocked in East Asia
For what role was Rachel McAdams nominated for an Oscar at the 88th Academy Awards?
Who is Michel Houellebecq's role model, that works as a librarian?
What is Sybaris' Digital Atlas of the Roman Empire ID?
What is the synonym with the highest gestation period whose instance of is synonym?
Who was the dedicatee at the place of interment for Jude the Apostle?
What type of government is Emmanuel Macron part of?
Which mid-air collision, involving an F-16 Fighting Falcon, had the most survivors?
What was the end time for Eino Kaila's spouse Anna Snellman-Kaila?
Tell me social networking service whose name has the word yak in it
Tell me a constellation that starts with {'p'}
How many languages did Oscar Wilde speak, write, or sign?
For which website Julian did use to work for ?
Which is the mushroom ecological type of parasitism?
Which is the IEDB Epitope ID for L-Serine?
who is the steamship for designed by of Isambard Kingdom Brunel?
when did moselle replaced metz administratively?
Was Megyn Kelly CNN employer ?
Which is the Australian Standard Geographic Classification 2006 ID for South Australia?
What time did John Winthrop's position as Governor of the Massachusetts Bay Colony end?
What is the isotope of lutetium with the highest half-life whose instance of is isotope of lutetium?
Who is the {disease} for {symptoms} of {delusion?
What is {adjacent to} of {death location} of {Michelangelo Antonioni} ?
Tell me the survival skill that followed by food presentation and which contains the word cooking in their name
Does Botnkrona Opp have an average gradient of less than 0.1884?
When did Sergio Marqués Fernández leave his job as President of Asturias?
Which position applies to the jurisdiction of Bilbao?
Where was Catherine the Great born and died?
What is the public office held by John Russell, 1st Earl Russell, that was appointed by Elizabeth II?
Did {Bharatiya_Janata_Party} has {political ideology} of {nationalism} and {Hindutva} ?
What is the first name of Jules Léotrad, which is the same as Júlio?
Name the mascot for Iron Maiden.
Who is the founder of the Cricket World Cup from North East England?
What is the PSS-Archi architect id of Sebastien Le Prestre de Vauban?
Is the Ministry of Biblical and History Prophecy Symbols thickness less than 0.508
WHAT COMES FROM LABEL OF LCD SOUNDSYSTEM ?
What programming language was developed by Dennis M. Ritchie?
What is east of Henry Luce's nation?
What is the name of the {spacecraft} which has carried {man} and completed the {largest number of orbits}?
What is diplomatic relation  citizen  of Dizzee Rascal ?
Which is the Ringgold ID for Kyoto University?
Oklahoma City is located in which county?
What is the son of Ja'far al-Sadiq whose sister is Asmaa Bint Jafar?
n/a
IS THE SLOPE OF THE BLACK RUN EQAULS TO 50
What is the oxidation state for nickel?
What competes in Giorgio de Chirico given the candidate of Gerard Ernest Schneider?
When Anna Netrebko was awarded State Prize of the Russian Federation?
Tell me the organization that has the anthem of Anthem of Europe and contains the word community in it's name?
What political party does Aung San Suu Kyi belong to?
Who is the {member of political party} and the {country of citizenship} of {Joe_Arpaio} ?
In what field did Zubin Mehta receive the Padma Vibhushan award?
Which dwarf elliptical galaxy for parent astronomical body of  Andromeda Galaxy
Was Seinfeld characters Cosmo Kramer and Jackie Chiles?
When did Philip K. Dick receive the Science Fiction Hall of Fame award?
What language is used to pronounce Guy de Maupassant?
Which is the ZooBank nomenclatural act of Esox lucius?
Which is the language of the writing system of the Arabic alphabet?
Is the angular resolution of the Discovery Channel Telescope equal to .03?
What award did Michael Collins receive for his work in The Keepers of Truth?
What are interdisciplinary science which start with the letter t
What id made from Sichuan pepper and has the taxon Zanthoxylum in it?
Who is the thunder god that appears as Artemis?
WHICH IS THE PLACE OF DEATH OF LAS VEGAS
Name the terminal point for Bruges.
Which is the bibliography for the list of works of Jessica Lange?
What is the circle of Cornelius Jansen?
What is located in the administrative territorial entity and twinned administrative body of Toronto?
What is the gender of Sancho Panza, who is often confused with being a man?
"What is {set in the location} of {The Boondocks}, that has the {timeline of topic} in the {History of Chicago} ?"
What is the chemical compound of the drug used to treat bipolar disorder
Which is {facility operated} and {operated by} {Singapore Airlines Flight 368} ?
What is KLM famous for?
what are the country of citizenship, occupation of Steven_Tyler?
Tell me slave rebellion whose name have the word war in their name
Is the lower flammable limit of the hydrogen cyanide equal to 5.6?
Does the number of injured of the Monbar Hotel attack equals 1?
Which male character is played by a woman in Faust?
Mount Rushmore is in what mountain range?
who is the art movement for movement of John Cage?
Is it true that the Duvall Earthquake's aftershocks equalled 54.0?
What did The Lord of the Rings receive as an award at the NPR Top 100 Science Fiction and Fantasy Books?
What is the Gewasswekennzahl of Morava?
What is meant by flattening of the Earth?
Tell me which is the agricultural deity which starts with the letter s?
Where is the capital that is adjacent to the Rewari district?
Who is nominated  for Stagecoach as W. Franke Harling
What is the { time point } for { Karl Malone } as { All - NBA Team }?
Tell me the federal states that starts with the letter s
Mention the county seat of Erfurt
What animal makes the most sound on drugs?
Is the flattening of the moon 0.00125?
Name the asteroid belonging to an asteroid belt with the highest mean anomaly.
Tell me  meteorological phenomenon   whose name has the word WIND IN IT
What's the human being for Jiang Zemin?
What position does David Lloyd George hold?
How many notable works did Muriel Spark create?
Which is the takeoff roll for Typhoon?
What does sexual intercourse and vaginal intercourse cause?
When was Team Fortress 2 (retail distribution) published?
In which war did the Allies participate?
What is the painting of the pendant to Le feu aux poudres?
Andromeda is the parent of what galaxy?
What is Chris Hansen's mother tongue?
Who is the member of the political party and also the participant of Fedor Emelianenko?
Which award was Ron Howard nominated for?
who  is the sculpture for collection of Venice?
Which is indigenous to Liguria?
Who written the prequel of The Structures of Everyday Life?
Tell me news magazine whose name has the word weekly in it.
Which is the ASMP member ID of Jean Tirole?
Name the Character role played by Yunjin Kim as a cast in Lost?
What is the voting round with the  maximum number of abstentions whose office contested is State Vice Governor of Brazil?
What is the railway that was formed in Paris?
The crucifixion of Jesus is a significant event for what deity?
Which is a fictional universe described in Bleach?
Mobutu Sese Seko is the chairperson for which political party?
When was the language of the digital signal processor created?
How many were killed by Giovanni Falcone?
What is the beginnig for Fritz Walter as a member from Germany football player?
Who is confused with Pearl Bailey that has an alma mater at North Carolina State University?
Which is the animated feature film where David Spade is a voice actor?
"Which exchange of Nokia, is shown in Die Hard with a Vengeance?"
Which cultural area has the lowest total imports from the significant event Harrying of the North
What is Stephen Hawkins doctoral thesis
What is the environment of the Five Nights at Freddy's game, that has a GNU General Public License?
What is the Dailymotion channel ID of David Guetta?
What was the name of Antonio Gades's wife?
Is the number of perpetrators of the Gladbeck hostage crisis equal to 3?
Znin is adjacent to Dusseldorg as they are twin cities.
Is it true Vladimir Putin is a Supreme Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces of the Russian Federation?
How are signs of sever acute respiratory syndrome treated?
Who is the producer and administrator of Q/U Imaging ExperimenT?
What fictional location starts with the letter "z"?
From what country is Jacques Cartier, who was born in Rotheneuf?
Who replaced Zachary Taylor as President of the United States?
Which is the communist party of the mouthpiece of Pravda and which contains the word communist in it's name?
Tell me asymmetric warfare  whose name has the word drug  in it.
Who is the {human} for {relative} of {Joseph Conrad}
Is the Euler characteristic of G2 equal to 0?
Which is the adjacent building for Tate Modern?
Which United States single has the maximum beats per minute?
What award did Frank Borzage receive for his work of Seventh Heaven?
What is the sign language for the written spelling of Ronnie Corbett?
Where is the {architectural structure} of {architect} {Zaha Hadid}?
What sculpture is located at Yale University?
Where does Christopher Walken reside and what is his occupation?
Is the number of spans of Ponte dell'Accademia equal to 1.2?
What is the employment of José Mujica whose field of this employment is agriculture ?
What federal state was replaced by the Thirteen Colonies?
How many Pokémon browser numbers are there for the {Pikachu} ?
Is the boyfriend of Poseidon who has daughters Briareus?
Was Tina Turner's discography known as 50 Cent discography?
What is National Library of Korea Identifie of robert nozick ?
who division of teams played for of harry beadles ?
Who is replaced as the Prime Minister of Canada, a position previously held by Lester B. Pearson?
What is Swami-Vivekananda's native, spoken and written/signed language?
Is the size of the team at the finish of the 2015 Iditarod larger than 4.8?
Tell me me a therapywhose name consist of the word "woman" and whose Sigmund Freud  psychoanalysis
Was David Foster Wallace's notable works "Infinite Jest" and "House of Leaves"?
What is the common name with the highest minimum frequency of audible sound whose on focus list of Wikimedia project is Wikipedia:Vital articles?
Is the orbital period of the 4765 Wasserburg equal to 2.71?
Vanessa Redgrave was nominated for the Academy Awards.
Is Kareena Kapoor a Punjabi Muslim?
What is the starting genome of AVP when its genome assembly number is GRCh38?
Who replaced Henry Addinton, 1st Viscount Sidmouth who held the Secretary of State for the Home Department position?
Who was the plaintiff in the Nuremberg trials?
What is the position that was once held by Leo X and then replaced by Adrian VI?
Name something based in New Mexico that has diplomatic relations with the Caymen Islands.
Who gave the{employed by} of {writer} of {Dog stories, from the \Spectator\;} ?
who is the work location of yekaterinburg?
What is the game platform of Candy Crush Saga that reads file format of WebM?
WHICH IS THE MONUMENT WITH THE MAXIMUM LIGHTHOUSE RANGE
What ancient civilization is located on a classical land?
Are there 411600000.0 children on Earth out of school
Is Chuck Norris the student of Sun Hwan Chung?
Tell mebook series whose name has the word world in it.
what is in the IRS Employer Identification Number of Chevron Corporation ?
Is the field of view of the TZF 5d equal to 25?
How many names are there for Almaty?
Give me the statement is subject for Annette Bening has nominated for as Academy Award for Best Actress ?
Was Ernest Hemingway a US citizen?
Which is the short film that was produced by Hayao Miyazaki?
What are the interdisciplinary science which start with the letter toxicology
For Bryansk Oblast, what is the aspect of Russian literature that has cities?
Where in Damascus was Mehmed the Conqueror buried?
Who replaced Henry VI of England as monarch of England?
Which means {Banque de noms de lieux du Québec ID} at{Hudson Bay} ?
which natural number with the highest numeric value whose instance is natural number?
Who is the produce and the executive produce of Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind?
What is Animal Farm derivative work?
Which is the song of the tracklist of OK Computer?
Where are the headquarters of HBO in the United States?
Who is the musician a split from of Tell Me 'bout It?
Who received Steiger Award together with Wladimir Klitschko?
What particle radiation stars with the letter c?
Which is the refractive index for calcium carbonate?
What is the galaxy cluster with the lowest flux whose constellation is Virgo ?
Vladimir Lenin was the leader of which country?
When did Harold Eugene Edgerton receive the SPIE Gold Medal?
Which is the Brit Humes's faculty that has been founded by Thomas Jefferson?
Which  business has the most subscribers?
What TV show is inspired by the life of Blackbeard?
When was Halley's Comet discovered?
Is the vehicle range of INS Talwar equal to 4215?
Who is the competitor for Battle of Breitenfeld(1631), that has language official as Italian?
What is Anthony van Dyck's ECARTICO person ID?
What are the enterprise which start with the letter s
WHAT IS THE HUMAN POPULATION IN PLACE OF ORIGIN OF CULINARY MUSTARD ?
Which animated film did Hayao Miyazaki edit?
what is the main regulatory  text and the manifestation  of hypertext _ transfer_protocol?
Who authored the Second Epistle of John, equivalent to John of Patmos?
How many eMedicine are acromegaly?
who colors of player of nico yennaris ?
Tell me mythical human-animal hybrid that contains the word polkan in their name
what is the  date of birth of Chlohar II in the statement with Gregorian date earlier than 1584} ?
What are the space observatory which start with the letter x
Tell me the sedative that starts with the letter n
Does the number of losses of the 1924 British Lions tour to South Africa equal 9?
what {pupil of} {gioachino Rossini} has a {career} as a {musicologist}
Is the pitting resistance equivalent number of the UNS S32760 / EN 1.4501 super duplex stainless steel more than 48?
What is the LONSEA people ID of Eleftherios Venizelos?
Who is the {human} for {professional or sports partner} of {Scott Moir}
What is the administration head quarters of the twin city of Politecnico di Milano?
who is the participant and member Pope_Benedict_XVI?
What language does PewDiePie speak?
Rome was the capital of what former empire?
Does Vince Vaughn have a residence in both Lake Forest and Buffalo Grove?
which religion has it's God incarnated as Jesus Christ?
What is Diego Maradona's second Spanish family name and what position does he play?
When was Gian Maria Volonté awarded the Silver Bear?
What is  translation for originating source of Lê dynasty ?
Which bridge is maintained by Amtrak?
What was the position for which Kaneshichi Masuda replaced Eisaku Sato?
what is job holder is previous mangalesa of dynasty?
What is Catalogus Professorum Lipsiensis ID for Peter Debye?
Which is the genetic association that regulates the molecular biology of HSA-MIR-7110-3p?
Does the brother of Fatimah have a Christian name of Abdullah?
What is printed by Johannes Gutenberg ?
Where does Heinrich Schliemann work which is also a sister city to Amsterdam?
Which is the Instagram username for One Direction?
Where is the place of death of Harry Mazer's wife?
Which landlocked country follows the Islam religion?
which is  replaced for ma ying-jeou has position held as chairperson of the kuominatnag?
On which year Ivan Bunin received Pushkin Prize?
What is the Routard.com place ID for Arches National Park?
Tell me ethnolect whose name has the word perkerdansk in it.
What was King Arthur's given name?
Is it true that the slope of El Dorado Speedway equals to 14?
Do the number of cylinders of the Prussian S 6 equal 2?
which language that starts with u
What character role did cast member Burt Ward play in Batman?
Name the Boston-published commercial catalogue edition with the least pages ?
When did Tony Bennett receive a Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award?
What is JSTOR journal code for Foreign Affairs ?
WHAT ARE ECONOMIC SECTOR WHICH START WITH THE LETTER N.
When did member of sports team of John Charles and number of matches played?
Which acid anhydride with the lowest electrical conductivity whose has a part of carbon?
Which is Tree of Life Web Project ID for Lion?
Planet Nine is the parent astronomical body of what Population I star?
who state headed by  the town of caraga ?
What ended the marriage of Dario Fo and Franca Rame?
How long was Shirley Temple the United States Ambassador to Ghana?
What is the position held by Peter Garrett who is replaced by Matt Thistlethwaite?
how many points did David Campese win for the Australia national rugby union team as a player of the team?
What was the work John Barry received the Academy Award for Best Original Score that was not a musical?
Is influenza genetically associated with SLC15A1 and COL28A1?
Is the orbital eccentricity of Desdemona more than 0.000156?
What member is co-founded by Gianfranco Sanguinetti?
Which planets in the Ring Nebula have moons?
Who is the sister of Charles de Valois, Duke of Angoulême's other child?
Name the sister city of the place where Lisa Nowak was born.
WHICH IS THE GENETIC ASSOCIATION OF MURDER METHOD OF ALEXANDER WOOLLCOTT
what is the replaced by for Hussain Muhammad Ershad has position held as president of Bangladesh ?
Which family member of Luca Signorelli is a writer by profession? 

Name the family member of Luca Signorelli who is a writer by profession. 

Which of Luca Signorelli's relatives has a career in writing? 

Who is the relative of Luca Signorelli who has a career in writing?
For which ER's character was Noah Wyle cast?
Were the number of casualties of the 2005 Jilin chemical plant explosions less than 4.8?
Is Shiva in Mount Nandi?
The Lagrangian point of Wilkinson Microwave Anisotropy Probe is?
Which is the Japanese writing system for the writing system of Japanese?
What is Wilhelm Ostwald's Biografisch Portaal number?
Where is {subsidiary entity} {built by} {B-1 Lancer} ?
"Which is {not the same as} of {mushroom}, whose {type of taxon} is {species} ?"
'o'
Until when did Ernest Shackleton hold the record for having traveled the farthest South?
What ethnic group do the Indigenous people of the United States belong to
What Éric Rohmer is nominated for his work The Marquise of O?
What is the trend of sculptors of Physichromie 48
Did Marilyn Monroe speak Romance languages?
When did Karrie Webb receive an Australian Sports Medal?
Where is Jacob W. Davis' place of death that is adjacent to Daly City?
Which is the MusicBrainz work ID for Adagio in G minor?
When did Steven Florio stop being the chief executive officer for Conde Nast?
When did Kareena Kapoor marry Saif Ali Khan?
How are called the people living around Baghdad?
Which is the rigid airship named after Paul von Hindenburg?
What is the work of Gary Oldman who received BAFTA Award for Best Actor in a Leading Role?
Who owns this CD?
When did spouse of Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn and end time?
What is the sport cricket?
What are the Christian movement which start with the letter P
What work was Federico Fellini nominated for at the 22nd Academy Awards?
What is ISU figure skater ID for Ilia Kulik ?
What is the human being for Steven Pinker's sibling?
What are the natural number which start with the letter g
Which is the cast member for King Kong?
Did Kanye West write metal gangsta rap?
What's the patent number for MP3?
Who is the disciple of sculptors of Village Street?
Name someone who graduated from McGill University
What is the name of the child in the opera Tristan und Isolde by Siegfried Wagner?
What is Hockey-reference ID for Bobby Hull ?
What is the Strait of Juan de Fuca's geographical ID?
Name the biggest galaxy discovered by James Dunlop.
For what work was Gary Cooper nominated for an Academy Award for Best Actor?
What is the motif, whose symbol is the Earth symbol, of The Blue Marble?
What military order starts with the letter "s"?
When John Dueholm ended as manager/director at Scandinavian Airlines?
When did Menachem Mendel Schneerson do his work for Likkutei Sichos?
What is wikibase:geoLatitude ?min that comes from Cornbread
What chemical compound is used as a drug to treat anthrax?
When did the partnership between Francois Holland and Valerie Trierweiler end?
who did jiang zemin replaced as the president of the people's republic of china?
What IBM Denmark IT firm has the least market capitalization?
When did the Ottoman Empire lose control over Nazareth?
Which country in the Netherlands has the largest VAT-rate and is a member of the International Trade Union Confederation?
Where in Sweden Max von Sydow was born?
Is the wavelength of the Hydrogen Line 25.327336865?
Where is the headquarters of the national museum of Prague?
What is the way to pronunciation taxon parent of Mentha spicata?
What are the physical consequences and drug interactions of Cocaine?
Which is Swedish Film Database film ID for Nausicaä of the Valley of the Wind?
What type of expression does Wayne Carey use?
What is the  Q48460  faith of Pala Empire ?
What is the quantity for canton of Switzerland?
What is {owned by} and the {influenced by} of {JavaScript} ?
When did Elon Musk marry his spouse Justine Musk?
WHAT ARE THE KING IN GREEK MYTHOLOGY STARTS WITH t
What is the antonym of the aspect of animal colouration?
What  typology does Richard Wright use when writing languages?
When was Innsbruck twinned with Kraków?
Who is the leader of the Etruschi?
is jay-z's native language Icelandic?
When did João Havelange step down as chairperson of FIFA?
Which is the Encyclopedia of Science Fiction ID of Sherlock Holmes?
What is Women's Basketball Hall of Fame ID for Lisa Leslie ?
What are the Beer festival which start with the letter o
When was the Nintendo 3DS published from Australia?
When was Dwayne Johnson nominated for the MTV Movie Award for Best Villain?
What is the significant incident of Anna Berliner's marriage?
Whose brother painted a painting of Shiva with Parvati, Ganesha, and Nandi?
Where is the headquarters of the car manufacturer Lyon
What is the exchange of the Leaf Trombone: World Stage} ?
What is the magnetic ordering which starts with the letter p?
Which person is the founder of Futurism?
Which operas are in Russian?
What is Paul Hindemith's GTAA ID?
What city was Phil LaMarr born in?
What is FIDE ID for Anatoly Karpov ?
Who is a team member of the Chicago Cubs?
Is it true that the number of deaths of Air Transat Flight 236 is less than 0.0?
What topic of meditation has its originating source in Tripitaka?
What sub-province-level division starts with the letter "x"?
Who gave the{type of music} of {working place} of {Derek Blasberg} ?
Who owns the label that released Korn albums ?
When did position for officeholder of Mauricio Macri?
What is played by a baseball bat that has the field of this profession as baseball?
How many captains are there for the Montreal Canadiens?
Is the electric dipole moment of pyrrole less than 2.1204?
Which is the candidacy in election for Felipe González?
What did Martin Landau get nominated for his performance at Tucker: The Man and His Dream?
Who is in Manhattan Project?
How many matches did Josef Bican play for what team?
Give me a social class name that contains the word 'zeugitae' in it.
Who is Carl Gustave Jung's spouse and what is his start time?
Tell me the course of Lord Strethcona`s Horse mascot from Royal Canadians?
Who is the patron saint active in Innocent III?
Were there 6265 votes received on the Sixth Amendment of the Constitution of Ireland?
What city does Curtis Institute of Music reside in, and has wards in Cameron County?
What is the subcellular localization of the EH-domain containing 1?
who is rector of Karl Weierstraß ?
When is {publication date} of {Taxi Driver} where is {place of publication} is {Germany} ?
Who is native to the British English area, that has diplomatic relation to Russia?
Who is the husband of the costume designer from The Fuller Brush Girl?
What type of government runs the city of Dezful?
What subject had role of sidekick on Heihei?
Tell me metropolitan city of South Korea whose name has the word ulsan in it.
When did Robert Byrd stop being a member of the West Virginia House of Delegates?
Which is the Thyssen-Bornemisza artist ID of Maurice de Vlaminck?
Who gave the{ZIP+4} of {resident in} of {James Ellroy} ?
Whats the California Sports Hall of Fame athlete ID of Greg Louganis
Give me the name of the person who replaced Ion Antonescu for the position he held as the Prime Minister of Romania?
What is the release version of the Apple Macintosh operating system?
For what subject was Citizen Kane nominated for an Academy Award for Best Direction, Black and White?
When did Dwyane Wade win the Sports Illustrated Sportsperson of the Year award?
When did Humphrey Bogart and Mayo Methot get married?
Is the stall speed of the Boing 747 equal to 200.0?
What technique used in tapestry is not used for upholstery?
IS THE NUMBER OF PAGES OF PERCEPTIONS ABOUT POSTDOCS EQUALS 1
Which {daddy} of {starring} of {Sweet Little Lies} ?
Which is the game mode that contains the word versus in it's name?
Which was the political party of the chairperson of Josip Broz Tito?
What is SummitPost id for Oregon Coast Range?
What is the taxon parent of Demospongiae that has the science of study called spongiology?
Which is the {video game} of {voice actor} {Sasha Grey}?
tWhich comic is from fictional universe Marvel Universe and which that starts with the letter p
Who {is son of} {Eileen O'Casey} {has children} ?
Who has the highest Elo rating?
Is it true that the Tsing Ma Bridge has a clearance that is equal to 62?
Which film is Amanda Bynes in?
Is it true that the volume as quantity of Barragem Canrobert 1 equals to 0.0056?
Is the maximum capacity of the Zipflbob less than 1.2?
What are the video game series which start with the letter W
Is the number of losses of Zaur Kasumov equal to 2?
Which are famous books of Maurice?
Which Chinese Han that studied engineering has the lowest estimated net worth?
When in the history of Haiti did the country have boroughs called Nippes?
which is located in the administrative territorial entity of Honolulu and what is the start time?
What is the domain child of Roman Smoluchowski?
Who are Merrie Melodie's characters mediatised to?
what are the product of game  platform of deflektor?
Which model of drill has the least vibration?
The {Finnish MP ID} of {Urho Kekkonen} is what?
What is the birth city of Laurie Anderson that is a partner town to Mexico City?
Name a part of India history that contain the word "history" in its name ?
Did Caffeine subject has role stimulant and PDE3 inhibitor ?
What is the VGMDB artist ID for Burt Bacharach?
Which is the roof shape which contains the word tower in it's name?
What is the National Inventors Hall of Fame ID for Douglas Engelbart?
In what sister city of Bordeaux did Robert Aldrich die?
What international airport is Delta Air Lines' hub?
For what work was Hans Zimmer nominated for an Academy Award for Best Original Score?
What are the property which start with the letter z
What is in the ward of the University of Groningen, of which the coat of arms is the coat of arms of Groningen?
"Who is the namesake of the Lorentz force, who was also a member of the Royal Netherlands Academy of Arts and Sciences?"
What body of water is Belegrade located next to and in what time zone is it located in?
Name a TV show produced by Donald Trump
Who is the husband of Madhuri Dixit, who has gender identity as male?
What is the molar mass of the parent body of Titania?
Which is the Reddit username for American Civil Liberties Union?
How was William Walton nominated for the Best Original Dramatic or Comedy Score?
Which is the FootballFacts.ru player ID of Diego Maradona?
How many ethnic groups are in Brazil?
What is the location of the fomation of N SYNC?
What is the Dictionary of Ulster Biography of Samuel Beckett?
What is the position held by Mr. Gordon Brown in electoral district as a member of the 54th parliament of the United Kingdom?
What is the first name of Paul Verhoeven, since it is said to be different from Pawel?
Esperanto singed form?
What is the ATC code of halothane?
When was Nigel Farage a member of the European Parliament?
What is the social state with the lowest total reserves whose described by source is Jeweish Encyclopedia of Brockhaus and Efron?
Tell me about member of sports team of Bobby Moore and number of matches played?
What is associated with the sport played in physical fitness?
When did Robert Musil earn his doctoral degree?
Is the height of Sumbawa Pony greater than 0.96?
who shore of located on islet of high stile?
When did Cha Bum-kun leave Bayer 04 Leverkusen?
Who gave the{affiliate of} of {plays for} of {Amauri Sanit} ?
Which is the road bridge in the next crossing upstream of Sydney Harbour Bridge?
Who made the Jorkwang Film?
What’s the most common form of dementia in the Americas?
Where is Theodoros Angelopolos majoring in Jurisprudence?
Is the longest span of the Deutz Suspension Bridge equal 184?
What sovereign state uses the Australian dollar as currency?
What sports team did Kareem Abdul-Jabbar play for and when did he leave the team?
Who was the wife of Valentinian I?
Which limestone powder has the highest emissivity?
Which is the ZDB ID for Maxim?
which country club has the highest slop rating?
What is the the early childhood baptism date for Diego Velazquez from Iglesia de San Pedro?
When did Battle of Quiberon Bay happen?
Who was nominated for Mr. Smith Goes to Washington at the 12th Academy Awards?
What school did Thomas J. Healey's sibling attend?
Which is the Royal Academy new identifier for Cardinal Richelieu?
Were the Navirman Andolan arrested 8000 times?
What is the signs of result of silver ?
What is BoardGameGeek ID of Carrom?
What actions does a trumpet player take?
What is the open source hardware with the lowest voltage whose connector is USB Micro-B?
Name the events surrounding the death of Nizam al-Mulk reiterated by people?
Does the angle from vertical of the Leaning Tower of Pisa equal 3.97?
where is the anatomical location and connects with Brain?
For which song did Mick Jagger win a Golden Globe Award for Best Original Song?
in what country is belgrade located and when did it end?
What are the examinations of the consequences of alcoholism?
Which is the location of first performance of Palace of Versailles?
Who is the Clerks Regular for the order of Ignatius of Loyola?
who suspect of present at of luxembourg in the eurovision Song Contest 1976 ?
Is the frequency of events for DFB-Pokal equal to 1?
What has cause of Universiade ?
What is the type of music, part of work or School of Ragtime, in Excercise No.6?
What diplomatic relation to Canada is in the administrative unit of Victoria?
What is the holiday Purim about?
What award did Jean-Claude Killy receive in Alpine skiing at the 1968 Winter Olympics - Men's downhill?
Is it true that the wavelength of the Radio Astronomical Telescope Academy Nauk 600 is greater than 24.88?
Which is the USK rating of Grand Theft Auto III?
For what work did François Mauriac receive the award Grand Prix du roman de l'Académie française?
What is the name of the culture of pupil of Isocrates?
Tell me the relation between Pieter Brueghel the Elder and Pieter III. Brueghel ?
Tell me if the natural abundance of iron-56 is more than 0.734032
Who began the International Olympic Committee?
What rank is a Taxon Parent in the salvia Officinalis?
What are the galaxy that contains the word ugc in their name
Was Bryan Adams nominated for a Grammy for Album of the Year and a Juno for Entertainer of the Year?
What is the diplomatic relation between the Philippines and Quatar?
Which is the IAFD male performer ID of Jamie Gillis?
What movie did Jim Henson direct?
Who is a partner in the characters of Disney's Magical Quest 3 (starring Mickey & Donald)?
What is the moon of the heliosphere of topic?
What is the sister city of Antwerp, that has cities in Minhang District?
where is mouth of the watercourse of Neva that is of is Gulf of Finland ?
How many matches did Eric Cantona play for FC Martigues?
Who  publish the Healing Islands?
What administrative division originates from As the World Turns?
Which is the end period for the old age?
Is the number of spoilt votes of the Passo Fundo mayoral election, 2016 3968?
What are the ancient city which start with the letter z
Who is {nominated for} of {Kate Winslet} whose {for work} is {Sense and Sensibility} ?
What is the moon of the star of Tarantula Nebula?
What is the LIBRIS edition of New Scientists?
what is sister or brohter of caligula that has public office is quaestor ?''
What is starch's ECHA infoCard ID?
When did Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky leave the Saint Petersburg Conservatory?
When did Kurmanbek Bakiyev end as head of state for Kyrgyzstan?
Which is the direct-controlled municipality which contains the word tianjin in it's name?
Who is the writer that works at Metal-induced pre-organisation for anion recognition in a neutral platinum-containing receptor?
Which language is the stable version of Android?
Which is the ISO 639-5 code of Aramaic?
Which country has the highest quality of life according to the international center for settlement of investment disputes.
Which is the {country of citizenship} and the {occupation} of {Deadpool} ?
Tell me the inflation rate of CPI for magnesium?
What work got Helen Hunt the nomination for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress?
Nale a low-cost airline that operates Boeing 737-800 and that contains the word "Ryanair" in its name
What is Hepatitis C's health specialty and medical examinations"
Which is the main subject for history of religions?
who is daddy of movie director for Valentine's Day ?
When did Abu Bakr stop being Rashidun Caliphate?
Which is the VIAF ID for Tom Holland?
what is the star has the highest proper motion?
WHEN DID PENELOPE RECEIVED THE AWARD OF THE FOUNDATION?
Which is the currency that has a location of final assembly the Royal Mint and contains the word pound in it's name?
In Syracuse Orange football, what position did Jim Brown hold?
Joseph Kibweteer suffers from what ailment that has a genetic association with DLC1?
Who is the partner/spouse of Manuel Ferrara?
Who is Devi that is worshipped by Hinduism and contains the word lakshmi in his name?
Who gave the {has grammatical person} of {language} of {Franz Kline} ?
Who is the member of Neymar's sports team and what is their start time?
What is playing that Ieva Januskeviciute was a part of?
Who was the first Edmund Gwenn?
WHAT IS THE STRAIN WITH THE MAXIMUM VIABLE TEMPERATURE
Who gave the{mayor} of {mediatised to} of {Government of the 1st Dáil} ?
DC-3 is operated by which airline?
Was Zakir Hussain the winner for the Grammy Award for Best Contemporary World Music Album?
Which is the conifers.org ID for Ginkgo Biloba?
What is the TA98 Latin term of epidermis?
What is the ISO 639-3 code for Tagalog?
Tell me sports league whose name has the word shield in it.
"What is the {continent} of {West Antarctica}, that {has boroughs} named {Heard Island and McDonald Islands} ?"
Which is the sports database that is maintained by the International Olympic Committee?
Is the defined daily dose of Povidone-iodine equal to 0.24?
Is the upper flammable limit of the toulene less than 8.52?
On what album can you find the song Stairway to Heaven ?
What is the longest book review published in The Archaeological Journal?
What is the dimension of works by Jean Racine?
Is the cruise speed of the Airbus A340 equal to 905?
When did character from Star Wars for killed by of Luke Skywalker?
What is Atheneum museum ID for Vatican Museums ?
Of what is Richard Hofstadter a member, who is specialist in American studies?
What is The Merchant of Venice's genre and characters?
Where Carl Theodor Dreyer born at Denmark died?
What university is located in Karachi?
Which is the sports.ru player ID of Ronaldinho?
Who is the Chief Operating Officer of Ninetendo?
When was Bradley Wiggins a member of the sports team Wiggins?
What is Orthodox Encyclopedia ID for Elizabeth of Russia?
Who is named for the Boltzmann distribution, who is a member of the Accademia Nazionale delle Scienze detta dei XL?
Which is the bite force quotient for sun bear?
Which Chinese Dynasty had it's capital at Nanjing?
Is the size of team at start of the World Poker Tour season 5 results equal to 639?
What is it?
Which is the distribution map for Yue Chinese?
Does the longitude of ascending node for the 10387 Bepicolombo equal 0.77616?
When was lutetium discovered?
What was Judy Holliday nominated for for Born Yesterday?
Which is {PIN Code} of {deathplace} of {Doug Henning} ?
"What is {confused with} {kinematics}, that is the {inverse} of {statics} ?"
What is the mouthpiece of the {Deutsche Bahn} ?
Which is the FilmPolski.pl ID of Constantin Stanislavski?
What is WOE ID for Stuttgart?
In which city Die Hard takes place ?
What are the afflicts caused by 2,4,6-trinitrotoluene?
n/a
Does the compressive strength of the callitris glaucophylla equal 40?
What are the jobs that start with letter W ?
Explain the historical process of a polymerase chain reaction.
What non-fiction career author wrote The Right Stuff?
To whom did Ingmar Bergman got married and when did it ended?
Is the refractive index of water equal to 1.32524?
What is the ISSF ID of Kim Rhode?
Is it true that the VAT-rate of the Australia equals to 8.0?
Where is the tourist office of Hanover?
Is it true that the foreign direct investment net inflow of Belarus equals to 16663500000?
What movie did Baz Luhrmann direct?
Who is the current holder of the award once won by Andre Geim?
What actor plays Professor X in the film X-Men: Apocalypse?
When was Sebastian Vettel a member of Scuderia Toro Rosso?
WHAT ARE THE WORD THAT 10 WHICH CONTAINS INTEGER
Is the topographic isolation of Signalkuppe equal to 0.56?
Which is the average performance of quicksort?
In which country is Beijing?
When did Alexander III of Russia receive the award for Knight Grand Cross of the Military Order of William?
How many constellations are there in the Milky Way?
What award was Terry Pratchett nominated for?
Is the unemployment rate of Lesotho equal to 26?
is it true that the thermal conductivity of tin II oxide is equal to 38.24?
Where is Sindh geographically located
When was Luca Ceriscioli the head of government for Marche?
Which key is Violin Concerto No. 1 Bruch?
Is the vertical depth of Midenata peshtera equal to 0?
Is it true that the number of survivors of September 13 incident is greater than 0?
What is the conflict of J.R.R. Tolkien?
Which is the catholic.ru ID for Santo Tomás de Aquinas?
What is established by the party of José Orlando Cáceres?
What is the combustion enthalpy for acetylene?
What type of quantum particle is a photon?
When was Shania Twain nominated for the Best Female Country Vocal Performance at the Grammys?
When did Kliningrad split from Baranovichi?
What Goddess executed Osiris?
What's the total amount of operators employed in the London Underground?
Does the takeoff roll of the G.91T equal to 4760?
Which taxon has the highest heart rate?
What is Tampere's Finnish municipality number?
Is the total shots in career of  Kyle Rossiter equal to 1?
Who was the actress in Dumb and Dumberer?
What was Donald Tusk's position that was replaced by Herman Van Rompuy?
What business division of LATAM Chile is the country Peru in?
Name the district of China that contains Shanghai.
What is Zygoptera's BHL Page ID?
Which is {label in official language} of {muscle insertion} {clavicle} ?
What is a natural feature of a tributary of the Salma Dam?
What Japanese language television station broadcasts in English?
What is Spotify artist ID for R. Kelly ?
Which is the MOOMA artist ID of Vanessa Paradis?
Are philosophy and dogma the same?
Name a disease that spreads through contact and starts with letter S
What product was built by Asus ZenWatch 3?
What is the academic subject of Michael J. D. Powell's recognition title?
What is the capital of Tokugawa Shogunate
What is the name and date of the sequel to Iguanodon?
How many superpowers does Superman have?
What is the treatment for lymphoma?
What is the genetic association of Cardiovascular disease, and what drugs are used for treatment?
Name a devil in the Hinduist pantheon that starts with letter L
which set of numbers with the highest upper limit?
What are the standards and the main regulatory text of Hypertext Transfer Protocol?
Is BDSM different from violence?
Was Franz Boas an established member?
What team did Somchai Subpherm play for, and where was it headquartered?
To what position was Lenín Moreno elected as during the Ecuadorian general election in 2006?
Anatoly Karpov has how many title of chess players
IS THE BASIC SALARY OF GEORGE STEHENSON LESS THAN 528?
Which is the Orphanet ID of leprosy?
What is the MPAA film rating of Ghostbusters?
Who is the plaintiff of Plessy v. Ferguson?
Is it true that the annual number of weddings of Kaprijke is less than 16.8?
Does the attendance of the 19th Grey Cup equal 4089.6?
What fictional dog is said to be the same dog as Goofy?
In what country was Juan Rodriguez Suarez executed?
What is the nationality and occupation of Alice Cooper?
What is Fashion Model Directory model ID for Paris Hilton ?
Which is {official language} {is in the department of} {Kali Penjalin} ?
Which area of land did Frank Gehry protect?
DOES THE MAXIMUM GLIDE RATIO OF DG FLUZEUGBAU L S 10 EQUALS 60.0
What is the watercourse that outflows of Walker Lake?
When did Charles Stewart Parnell start holding the position as Member of the 24th Parliament of the United Kingdom?
is ANZUS a signatory?
Which book follows Exodus in the Bible?
What colossal statue starts with the letter "s"?
What is the sandbox-item for one?
Who is the mother of Elektra that is married to Agamemnon?
For which work did John Updike receive the PEN/Faulkner Award for Fiction?
tell me that aerospace manufacturer which contains the word zeebruges on its own name.
Who was Oracle Corporation taken over by
When did Eugenio Montale retire from their position as senatore a vita?
Was Alice  Cooper's family name Cooper?
Which is the twin city of place of death of Clark Gable?
What are the salad which start with the letter y
When was the end of Ptolemy I Soter's reign as pharaoh?
Who is the {factory} for {product or material produced} of {butter}
Who gave the {unit symbol} of {based upon} of {lumen} ?
Tell me the name of a non-metal with the most electronegativity
What is {pronunciation audio} of {media} of {chocolate milk} ?
How many cases of Malaria were reported?
What is the adjacent station for Oregon City?
What is Roger Bacon's PhilPapers theme?
What is the Operabase ID for Terry Gilliam?
When was Polybius born?
Where are the Channel Islands?
who  is the cover artist of all quiet on the western front?
Is Chicago located in Cook County?
Was Angkor Wat of the Dravidian style of architecture in the Medang Kingdom?
Which is the license for copyright?
Did {The_Sopranos} {cast member} are {James Gandolfini} and {Steve Schirripa} ?
Where is the location in which Murray Perahia was born, who has the executive power headed by Michael Bloomberg?
Which is the legal medicinal status for prescription drug?
IS THE LOWER LIMIT OF THE CLOSED INTERVAL FROM 1 TO 1 LESS THAN -0.8
What is treated by capable of inhibiting or preventing pathological process of silver nitrate ?
When was Celine Dion made an Officer of the National Order of Quebec?
Did Absinthe come from Switzerland?
Who has the country seat of Taipei, who also has diplomatic relations with the country of Mali?
Which is the best-case performance for quicksort?
Who are the sons starring in H. Con-172
What is the town of Capua with cities called Tora e Piccilli?
If Marion Barry was the Prime Minister of Washington, D.C, what type or topic of history would that be?
What work was Sydney Pollack nominated for as Academy Award for Best Director?
Does the collection or exhibition size of the Central Classified Flies equal 0?
What is {wikibase:geoLatitude ?max} {land} of {history of Senegal} ?
Name an airline company using the Chennai International Airport as a hub that contains the word "spicejet"" in its name
Who is the operator of Sydney Metro?
When was Kenny Rogers given the American Music Award for Favorite Country Album?
how is remake of makes use of Roman numerals?
What number of awards has Andrei Gromyko received from the Order of Lenin?
Is the decomposition point of citric acid greater than 140.0?
Is the IDLH of carbon dioxide equal to 72000?
Is power pop the genre of Phil Collins' music?
Which musical artist went on The Trip into the Light World Tour?
Which is the film the was produced by Isabelle Adjani?
What is a genetic component of heart disease determined through TAS?
What is the rate of fire of a VAP submachine gun?
Mention the federal  state responsible for the Soviet Union's diplomatic relation.
What is the construction with the maximum slope rating whose located in the administrative territorial entity is Oregon ?
What's the Discogs artist ID of Henrich Heine?
Tell me baseball league whose name has the word professional in it.
What is formation of succeeded by of Julian calendar ?
What kind of activity of Lotte Jacobi in Berg an Laim is it?
When did the Magna Carta become the Memory of the World?
Which is the TAXREF ID for Salvia officinalis?
Who are the characters of the series Civilization V: Gods & Kings?
The Erie Canal has what Structurae ID (structure)?
What is the movement in Les Demoiselles d'Avignon?
What opera was composed by Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky?
What is the disjointed union between cartridge and rimfire?
Name a MediaWiki website located in Amsterdam that starts with letter W
When did country for participant of of World War II?
What did the distribution of the Children of the Corn 666:Isaac's Return establish?
Is the magnetic moment of the Ganymede equal to 1.056e+20?
Is 17 the age of consent in South Australia?
Which is the LittleSis people ID for Shinzō Abe?
What of David Vetter's is buried at cities of Dawson County?
Was Lance Armstrong a member of HTC-Highroad and RadioShack?
When did Christoph Franz become CEO of Lufthansa?
During the 18th Academy Awards, what awards were Bing Crosby nominated for?
What is the grammatical gender of the languages spoken, written, or signed of Max Factor?
Tell me if the number of cases of malaria is 343527.
Tell me chemical property whose name has the word tetravalence in it.
Is the tuition fee of Indian Institute of Technology Kanpur equal to 100000?
What is typology in Altaic languages and it is the opposite of fusional language?
What is EMLO location ID for Riga ?
When was Ben Chifley the Prime Minister of Australia?
What are thewater deity which start with the letter'y
Which daylght saving time is valid in the timezone of Stockholm?
What is the human population of the administrative headquarters of French Indochina?
which record did pole vault hold and which is the height?
Is the time to altitude ratio of the G.222 equal to 515
In Venice, do you know the work location of human?
What did John Rawls ask Immanuel?
Which is the sovereign sate for country of sport of George Weah?
What is the AmphibiaWeb Species ID of Notophthalmus viridescens?
What part of Saxony is Cottbus District located?
What is the Internet Standard edition or translation of Internet Protocol version 6?
What weapon family starts with the letter "u"?
When was Fergie completed his record label in Interscope records?
Is the perimeter of the Lai da Schmorras equal to 0.168?
What is the ingredients in beer whose phase point is the critical point?
Who had the honour of discovering general relativity?
Tell me the performing arts genre that contains the word videotanz in their name
What is {oblateness} of {orbits} {Amalthea} ?
What is the Snooker Database player ID of Stephen Hendry?
How tall is the actor who played of one of the Wise Men?
What chemical compound with the lowest median lethal dose has safety classification and labelling of NFPA 704: Standard System for the Identification of the Hazards of Materials for Emergency Response?
Who is the person that composed La Traviata?
What is the residence and the occupation of Bryan_Cranston ?
What are the coordinates of the headquarters of Zibo?
TELL ME THE IDEOLOGY OF RYO SHUHAMA POLITICALPARTY?
who  is the sports venue for operator of Indianapolis?
Which is the lowest note of Mariah Carey
Where did Kang Sheng die that is near Tokoyo?
What type of art were the famous works of Severin Roesen?
What part of Piacenza is in the standard time zone?
what is a year for Venice Film Festival?
What is the computer network protocol for Hypertext Transfer Protocols?
"What is {etymology} of {Riemann sum}, which has {studied at} is {Humboldt University of Berlin} ?"
In what television show did Jennifer Lopez play a character named Lynn?
what are the essential medicine which start with the letter v
which is the constituent state with the lowest indidual tax rate whose instance is constituent state?
When was Robert Koch nominated for the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine
When did Dag Hammarskjold end his term as the United Nations Secretary-General?
Did Shah Rukh Khan work in Koyaanisqatsi?
Name a demigod of Greek mythology that contains the word "Heracles" in its name
Who is the toponym of thorium, and has a parent named Odin?
When did Cordell Hull stop being a United States representative?
Is the minimum spend bonus for the Chase Sapphire Reserve equal to 40000.0?
For which American football team is Bill Belichick playing
Is Jane Fonda's father Henry Fonda?
Eiffel tower has how many floors?
Who is {member of} of {university} of {Douglas Southall Freeman} ?
What is the current translated version of Hamlet
What is the SI unit for frequency?
Is the embodied energy of iron 30.0?
When did country for contains administrative territorial entity of Tripura?
Tell me physical law whose name has the word superposition in it.
What is the NCBI Taxonomy ID of the Tsetse fly?
What is CLARA-ID for Audrey Munson?
What is subitem of history of the English language, that has cases is nominative case?
Which is from the fictional universe of Spock?
Where can the sport be found that requires the smallest number of players to play and that uses a net?
Tell me private not-for-profit educational institution whose name has the word university in it.
Which is the country of Iloilo City?
Does the number of records for  the Boijmans artist ID equal 4681?
What is the [prize that was awarded to Carcassonne is that Victor Elfenland?
What is the service ribbon image for the Medal of Honor?
Who is Adad's aunt?
When was Jonny Wilkinson has joind as a member to the RC Toulonnais sports team?
Mention the Hamburg's responsible work location.
What is the subsidiary of IBM Power?
Name the birth place of Sylvester II, in Kingdom of France.
What is the supervisor of the painter of quantum mechanics?
What was the electoral district and position that George Reid held?
Who made and dispensed "ANGTT"
Taungoo Dynasty covers what area?
What group of people died in Tenochtitlan?
Which is AllMovie movie ID for Amélie?
Is 15 service life of the Intelsat 15?
What is Bollywood Hungama person ID of Kapil Sharma?
How many people commanded for the {Warsaw Pact} ?
When did Fahrenheit 451 win the Prometheus Award?
How many words are in the language Bāṇabhaṭṭa?
Who gave the{located in} of {participant of event} of {Annemarie Moser-Pröll} ?
What is the horse  characters of Madame Sans-Gêne play ?
Is it true that the total expenditure of the Central Catholic High School is less than 4272234.24?
Who is the replacement for the president of South Korea?
who coach of player of Simone Biles ?
Is it true that the thermal design power of AMD Ryzen Threadripper 1920X is less than 216?
Who was replaced by Alfred Deakin as Member of the Victorian Legislative Assembly?
What is the name of the sovereign state located in Benghazi?
Which is the corporation for the products produced by Coca-Cola?
Does Christian Slater play a musician character called The Name of the Rose?
What is the name for someone who lives in the German Democratic Republic?
what is the statement for subject of Kuwait which has diplomatic relation as Mexico?
Which is the language of the writing system of the Phoenician alphabet?
Which is the museum for the parent organization of the Smithsonian Institution?
who is diplomatic relation of originate of The Shawshank Redemption?
What is the refractive index for water?
Tell me metabolite whose name has the word violaxanthin in it.
"Where is {administrative centre} of {Holy Roman Empire}, which has {populated places within} is {Dolní Černošice} ?"
Where is {land} {adjacent to} {Villanova University} ?
Which is the married name for Angel Merkel?
What is parent organization of ARD ?
Are Juliet and Friar Laurence characters in Romeo and Juliet?
Did the cost of damage from Hurricane Ike equal 38,000,000,000?
Which outer planet has the most flattening?
Which {record label} and the {genre} is of {Radiohead} ?
What are the instructions for x86?
What is the island nation with the lowest marriageable age whose member of is United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization?
Which country uses the pound sterling?
What is the election to the Parliament of Catalonia with the lowest eligible voters whose candidate is Socialists' Party of Catalonia?
Who did Ed O'Neill play on Married.. with Children?
TELL ME SQUARE ROOT WHOSE NAME HAS THE WORD ROOT IN IT.
Which is the organization that has it's headquarters located in Cleveland?
What political murder involved Sirhan Sirhan?
In what year did Jacqueline Wilson receive the Guardian Children's Fiction Prize?
What sports team did Kareem Abdul-Jabbar play for and when did he leave the team?
Was the Berlin Wall in Germany?
What days is the British Museum open?
tell me comic genre whose name has the word novel in it
What region of Salerno divides into Teggiano?
Which chemical element of subclass period 5 has the highest density?
Name a principality located in the Weimar Republic
Tell me who directed The Night of the Headless Horseman?
Which  is torch lit by of Li Ning ?
Which is the economic branch licensed by macOS?
Who is the songwriter of Die Fledermaus whose artistic genre is classical music?
What are the origins of Run-D.M.C.?
What takes place in the fictional universe of The Walking Dead?
When did the cruzeiro become the currency of Brazil?
Give the genetic association of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder that is determined via TAS.
Where in the German Empire was Anton Chekhov's place of death?
Name a video game that starts with the letter Z
What is the Ukraine Football Federation ID of Andriy Schevenko?
What was Orson Welles nominated for in Citizen Kane?
What is the area of provinces that border the Entre Rios Province?
What is ideology of member  party of Lars Krarup ?
Which is the painting that depicts the Richard III of England?
When was Mulholland Drive published in Germany?
what is the start time for Aethelred the unready has position held  monarch of England?
Who replaced Bhumibol Adulyadej as King of Thailand?
What is Hypertext Transfer Protocol (HTTP)?
What is the real person website account of Youtube?
Which is the GNIS ID of Bridgeport?
Which is Berlin cultural heritage ID for  Pergamon Museum?
What is {studied by} the {manifestation of} of {Human_body} ?
What is  the timezone of the civilisation of Chinese mythology ?
Who is Alexander Hamilton's wife and why did the relationship end?
What is the opposite genre for fiction ?
What is taxonomy of goldfish
Which human Go player, has the minimum EGF rating?
What is the name of David Fosters record label?
What is the ID of Horace Silver?
Which is {cases} of {language used} in {Ismail Kadare} ?
What is {Charles Baudelaire}'s {Poets.org poet ID}?
What was Good Will Hunting nominated for at the 70th Academy Awards?
What was Nivelle accused of ?
Sergei Prokudein-Gorskii died in what county within the 7th arrondissement of Paris?
When did Paul Erdős live in Manchester?
WHICH IS THE CABLE STAYED BRIDGE WITH THE MAXIMUM NUMBER OF SPANS
Where I can find on the map Kherson Oblast?
What are the national economy which start with the letter e
What is the diplomatic relation of the place of origin of the Jew Killings in Ivangorod?
What is the National Cancer Institute's ID for melanoma?
Which is the agent that is used in communication?
WHAT ARE FILM WHICH START WITH THE LETTER Y.
Was Ann_Coulter occupation lawyer and pundit?
Give the lowest block size standard designed by John Daemen
What is located on linear feature of the London Underground?
who is the powerplant and the  manufacterer  of Mcdonnell_douglas_F-15_eagle?
Is it true Facebook founded by Andrew McCollum?
What are the places of death and burial of Stonewall Jackson?
Were Grendel's mother and Hygelac characters in Beowulf?
WHAT IS THE CENOTAPH FOR JEAN-JACQUES ROUSSEAU?
What is the INDUCKS story ID of Toy Story?
What are the  legal status of medicine   whose name has the word UK IN IT
tell me about language family starts with the letter q
What organization does George Rudinger work at?
Are apples red and blue?
Where in Spain was Muhammad al-Idrisi born?
What sports are included in the biathlon
TELL ME THE CREATION MYTH THAT CONTAINS THE WORD DEAMTIME IN THEIR NAME
What genre of music is part of the series of Bomberman II?
What company did Antonin Eymieu co-found?
Which is practiced by fencing?
Name an academic writing author that starts with letter O
What is the translation of the post review of the 17th annual Scripps Spelling Bee?
Did {Lemmy} used {instrument} as {harmonica}?
who chronology of topic  of continent of western asia?
Did Sarah Michelle Gellar practice taekwondo?
Is it true that the Hurricane Ike number of missing is less than 192?
How are Carl Maria von Weber and Constanze Mozart related?
Which financial center is a twinned administrative body of Mumbai?
Which war's did the Soviet Union take part in.
When did Vyacheslav Molotov received the Order of Lenin award?
What is developed by SPICE that has working languages in English?
What is the territory of Australia with the highest age of consent whose public holiday is Queen's official birthday?
Who married the contestant of Aelita?
IS THE COMPULSORY EDUCATION MAXIMUM AGE OF THE SPAIN EQUALS 16
Name the aircraft model with the highest take off roll involved in the Seville A400M crash.
Where is the head office location of Miss World, whose twin city is Los Angeles?
How many heads of state does Ukraine have?
Which is the fictional analog of the source of inspiration of Captain Ahab?
"Which is {endemism} of {Mantella}, where {member of} is {International Bank for Reconstruction and Development} ?"
What noble title did Berengar I of Italy hold and who did he follow?
What is Sandbox-Item of The Last Supper ?
What is Francois Guzot's position in the government of Calvados
When did Prince Harry, Duke of Sussex, date Chelsy Davy?
Which is the capital for the official residence of the Parthian Empire?
What year and historical period was 'Zeno' written?
What is the name of the capital of Estonia whose first letter is T ?
What skill contains the word "suction" in its name?
"Who is the sunsidiary entities  of Islamic Azad Universpty who is in the department of Bukan?"
Who were the Amazons that were killed by Heracles?
What was the award the Dune received after receiving Babel-17?
Which communications protocol contains the word zmodem in their name
Is air pollution caused by methane and volcanic eruption?
Who wrote the lyrics of Auld Lang Syne ?
When did Alexander Ovechkin receive a gold medal?
Mariano Rajoy is a member of what political party?
Which is {nominated for} and the {award received} of {The_Simpsons} ?
What is the Milwaukee railway for?
How many goals did Liverpool F.C. score in the 1950 FA Cup Final?
Jacques {county seat of Neustria died at which place?
Tell me the name of the female idol group whose name contains the word zero?
What television program is produced by Ellen DeGeneres?
Tell medisputed territory whose name has the word triangle in it.
Who is the creator of Quantum mechanics, and who was its creator?
Which is the combination classification for Chris Froome?
Name the Wikimedia disambiguation page including "Diplo".
tell  me mineral species that streak color black that name has  the word tenorite in it
In which electoral district did Tommy Douglas hold the position of the member of the House of Commons of Canada?
which painting movement that contains the word verismo in their name
Is it true that the total fertility rate of Luxembourg is 1.55?
Did Ben_Kingsley get nominated for the BAFTA Award for Best Actor in a Leading Role and a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Miniseries or a Movie ?
When did Yasser Arafat receive the Nobel Peace Prize?
What is total fertility rate  in the principal area of Libertador General Bernardo O'Higgins Region
What is the currency used in Norman conquest of England} ?
What is Star Wars ' narrative location fictional gas giant Episode V: The Empire Strikes Back?
What is pronunciation audio of plays of kayak ?
What is the M.49 code of Eastern Europe?
During Star Wars Episode V: The Empire Strikes Back, what are the names of the vehicles used in the film.
Which is the anatomical location for mumps?
How many mountains are there for the {Lester Piggott} ?
Tell me bank whose name has the word unicredit in it.
Archbasilica of St. John Lateran architectural style?
Did Jimmy Carter received an award in the 2008 Grammy Awards?
How many medical conditions did Ludwig van Beethoven have?
"Which Christian name from Charles I of Hungary, is close to the name Carl?"
Where is the head office location of the International Chamber of Commerce that is next to lssy-les-Moulineaux?
Who is the voice actor of Aqua Teen Hunger Force?
What is describes a project that uses of Urban Dictionary ?
Is the natural abundance of samarium-152 equal to .321?
Who has children with Domnall mac Ailpín, who is buried at Iona?
WHICH IS THE PUBMED ID OF TUBERCULOSIS
Tell me the noble family who has the son of Georgina Kennard?
Which political party in Germany has the highest number of representatives in it's legislature?
When was Arthur Sullivan's most notable work, The Yeomen of the Guard, produced?
Is Goldie Hawn Hispanic and Latino American?
What is the genetic association of leprosy?
What book by Siegfried has the famous work Tristan und Isolde?
The moons of HD 45364 b are part of which constellation?
WHICH IS THE POLITICAL PARTY THAT STARTS WITH V
What is in Angles, whose partner city is Hyōgo Prefecture?
What is the FilmAffinity ID for Sherlock?
Name an infectious disease that afflicts liver and that contains the word "hepatitis" in its name
Which is the Cycling Database ID for Lance Armstrong?
Which is the taxon rank for class?
What what is animated taxondistributed by MGM and {family}
what diameter is 5.56*45mm NATO in the base?
What Suezmax oil tanker has min net tonnage?
Tell me the location of  the administrative territorial entity for Harry Harlow has place of death as Tucson?
Did Carol Burnett win the Prisoner of War Medal and the Library of Congress Living Legend award?
Was Lola Flores the oldest child of Rosario Flores?
Is the maximum frequency of audible sound of the Varanus komodoensis equal 2400.0?
Tell me which industry contains the word winemaking in it's name?
What is the orbital eccentricity of Planet Nine?
What is date of death for Charles Le Brun ?
who is user of fleet of Qantas ?
What variety is influenced by English?
What award did Fleetwood Mac win?
What are the modern languages which start with the letter t
Which of Henry IV of France's marriages has ended in divorce?
Which British Academy Film Award was Javier Bardem nominated for?
IS THE MINIMALL INCUBATION PERIOD IN HUMANS OF BOTULISM LESS THAN 7.2
What W. H. Auden honors did Joan Didion win?
What is the used for treatment of the signs of rabies?
What are the children's game  which start with the letter zapp
How wide is Lake District?
Which aircraft family has highest time to altitude?
Are there no households in Vidvathkumaryachasamudram?
Was the inception of The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant that is identifying of subject in context  with The Islamic State of Iraq ?
How many WHOIN names are there for amphetamine?
Which is language of platforms of Army of Darkness: Defense ?
Which is the TERYT municipality code of Wrocław?
What is the antonym of emerald?
What principality replaced the Ottoman Empire?
Who gave the {painters} of {series} of {Bash} ?
When did Thomas Young receive the award for Bakerian Lecture?
Who is employed by Gerhard Gentzen?
WHICH IS THE HEALTH SPECIALITY FOR INFECTION
What is the epitaph for Alwin Nikolais at Crématorium-columbarium du Père-Lachaise?
who is the child of Zeus whose mother is Leda?
What was Czechoslovakia previously known as?
Did Edward VIII hold the military rank of field marshal?
What is  thealphabet  language official of Tokugawa shogunate ?
Who is the president and CEO of BP?
What is a Biblical place that starts with the letter z.
What is the death date of Peter, Count of Perche and Alençon, the son of Louis IX of France?
Wich means{is a list of} at {lawsuit} ?
What is Kelly Miller known for?
Which is the weather history for New York City?
What sovereign states have a diplomatic relationship with the Russian Empire?
Which is the subreddit for Srinagar?
Is 16 the age of consent in Spain?
Who is the filmographer for Cecil B.DeMille
In what country does Mother's Day take place on March 8th?
Who is the founder of Hezbollah whose personal name is Muhammed?
What military branch of the air force did Yuri Gagarin work for?
What is the ammonia conjugate acid monocation?
Which is the track gauge for Trans-Australian Railway?
Where does Benjamin Millepied live and what is his occupation?
When did Herta Müller receive the Ehrengabe der Heinrich-Heine-Gesellscahft?
What position did John Foster Dulles hold and when?
What is Moscow State University's elibrary.ru organisation ID?
when did Serge Gainsbourg and Caroline von Paulus divorce?
What are the designed by and the programming paradigm of SQL?
When was Robert Frank awarded the Hasselblad Award?
When did the book The Count of Monte Cristo by Alexandre Dumas publish?
What is the profession of Guillermo Lasso that is different from a bank teller
What pizza comes from the head of government?
The antiparticle of a neutron is what quantum particle?
Which {play} {participated in} {Micronesia at the 2011 World Aquatics Championships} ?
Which is the language of work or name for Old Church Slavonic?
Is the par of the Royal St George's Golf Club equal to 56.0?
What is the news site of Air Canada?
What is the {manner of death} and the {place of death} of {Lee_Harvey_Oswald} ?
Where is the beginning of the Dnieper River?
When was did Bursa cease being the capital of the Ottoman Empire?
Is the conversion to SI unit of the base pair equal 4.08e-10?
Which is the {drug used for treatment} of the {medical treatment} of {Tuberculosis} ?
What is Oscar Schmidt's acb.com ID?
tell  me area of mathematic  practiced by algebraist  starts with a
What is the density of brass when it is a solid?
During the conflict of the Mexican-American War, which branch was Nate Dogg in?
Who replaces eodoro Obiang Nguema Mbasogo for the position of the chairperson of the African Union?
"Which is {facet of a polytope} of {pyramid}, whose {next is} is {quadrilateral} ?"
what are the tracklist for the wall?
Was Aphrodite the child of Phobos and Dictys?
TELL ME INTERNATIONAL SPORT GOVERNING BODY WHOSE NAME HAS THE WORD WORLD IN IT.
Which free video game has the highest amount of players?
Which is the conflict of Joan of Arc?
Is drinking waters electrical resistivity equal to 20?
Was chronic obstructive pulmonary disease the death cause of Robert E.Lee?
What type of educational experience does Mieczyslaw Kobylanski have?
What is the Croesus death date which is earlier than Gregorian date?
When did Muhammad stop practicing the Hanif religion?
Who is the {child} and the {position played on team / speciality} of {Hakeem_Olajuwon} ?
What is the parent organization of the United States Secret Service and where is their headquarters located?
Does the wingspan of the Egyptian vulture equal 2.0112 meters?
When did Cindy Crawford's marriage with Richard Gere end?
What is the national anthem the topic of in the history of Dagestan?
What is the JUFO ID of The New York Review of Books?
TELL ME ECONOMIC INDICATOR WHICH START WITH THE LETTER S
What is Family Guy's country of origin and the language?
Where is the list of episodes for "Lassie"?
what is in the BHL creator ID of william bateson?
262570000000 is the market capitalization of the Nokia?
What is the governing body of the FIFA World Cup?
"What is  Hiroshima Prefecture'S borders, that has Tsugumasa Muraoka   
as head of national government?"
Name the Austrian election with the oldest candidates like Die Grunen?
What is art-name of Lin Biao ?
Which is the WHO INN used for treatment of the attention deficit hyperactivity disorder?
When did Jolin Tsai and Jay Chou stop being partners?
When did Marcel Dassault become a member of the French National Assembly?
What is the state that borders Maine?
Who is the head of government of Auckland?
What is the vapor pressure of fluorine?
What is gene is associated with Asperger syndrome
Is the Superbowl from the country of the United States of America?
How many creators are with the Pokémon?
Is the retirement age of the Netherlands 67?
Is the points for the Hermann Pernsteiner more than 9.6?
Bohemian Rhapsody's Tab4u song ID?
Is the flexural strain at break of the beauxite filled epoxy composite less than 4.8?
Does the GDP (PPP) of North Macedonia equal to 29257308598.29?
when is the {start time} for {Wales} thathas {located in the administrative territorial entity} as {Kingdom of England} ?
When did Lili Darvas become the spouse of Ferenc Molnár ?
Who gave the{birthdate} of {doctoral student} of {Martin Luther} ?
Why does the digital rights management system need to die?
How many encode for L-Threonine?
Appointed by John Dryden, who held the position as Poet Laureate of the United Kingdom?
Which is the dwarf elliptical galaxy for the child astronomical body of the Andromeda Galaxy?
What is Ancient Egypt's lighthouse?
Is the minimum wavelength of sensitivity of the human eye equal to 320.0?
Who was Enrico Fermi's student?
What is the polyatomic cation of ammonia?
Cha Bum-kun played how many matches for which team?
What is the alma mater of Andrew Marvell, which is also the alma mater of director Martin Rees?
What sports team does Malcolm Allison play for and how many matches did he play?
Which  is asteroid family of Haumea ?
What federation has the highest median income?
What award was Top Gun nominated for in the 59th Academy Awards?
Tell me contract whose name has the word zeitausgleich in it name
Is Jack the Ripper said to be the same as Sir John Williams, 1st Baronet of the City of London?
What website is used for Esperanto?
is C.P Scott from the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland?
What is the Alaskan demon?
In what field was Romy Schneider nominated for the César Award for Best Actress?
What is the common name used for Laozi?
When did Giugliano in Campania become part of the Metropolitan city of Naples?
For which country did Olympic skater Tonya Harding compete?
Which is the statement supported by Al-Qaeda?
Who wrote The Adventures of Tintin and what genre does it fall under?
What is the day the UN General Assembly was founded?
What are the plays of the organizer of the UMB World Three-cushion Championship?
tell me king in Greek mythology  name has  the word thestrus in it
What writer is known for the work titled Montague Summers?
What is the { start time } for { Chris Gayle } as { Royal Challengers Bangalore } { sports team member }?
What is John Kander the champion of?
What is the Library of Congress's collection or exhibition size?
What is the official language of the Parthian Empire?
Where is tributary take place in Polynesia?
When did Eleanor Roosevelt divorced Franklin Delano Roosevelt?
When did Ludwig Maximilian University of Munic open in Landshut?
What is the unemployment rate where the The Sugarhill Gang were up?
Who is William marwood that is very close to Guilhem
What U.S. state or or insular area capital starts with the letter "t"?
What gospel should be read for the present day work of David?
Which is the eWRC-results.com racer ID for Sébastien Ogier?
What are the historic county of England which start with the letter Y
What is RKD/ESD Slovenia ID for Lipizzaner ?
Which is the TV Guide person ID for Britney Spears?
Was Jeremy_Irons educated at Sherborne School and University of the West of England, Bristol?
Who won the prize awarded to John R. Pierce?
Is the orbital inclination of the 8076 Foscarini equal 0.28578?
Who was Betty White's husband ?
When and where in Europe was the Super Mario Brothers introduced?
What type of job does Josep Maria Magem work at his employer?
Does the Crab Pulsar have a galactic latitude over 18.29464?
what is land-grant university starts with v
What is the founder of region spring?
Tell me computer network protocal whose name has the word widi in it
What Sam Kinison label has Warner Music Group stockholders?
How many used by are for Transport Layer Security ?
What is Plarr ID for Edward VII  ?
What is the Nasjonalbiblioteket photographer ID for Fridtjof Nansen
What social media account is made by Xiaomi Redmi?
In what time was did the Yuan dynasty rule the Asian continent?
Which is the measurement unit for measured physical quantity of temperature?
Which gas giant in the solar system has the biggest synodic period?
Which is the {eye color} and the {hair color} of {Dolly_Parton} ?
What is next to the place of work of Alfred Stieglitz?
I want to know Andreas Vesalius' Auckland Art Gallery artist ID.
What is the name of the professional sports league starting in October that contains the word " hockey" in its name ?
Which is the Babelio work ID for The Grapes of Wrath?
What does Commodore 64 produce?
"What is the brother of Manfred von Richthofen whose burial place is Germany?"
Which taxon has the longest generation time?
What is the Swedish Literature Bank Author ID of Erasmus?
How many payment types are accepted at the Louvre museum?
What are the Greek deity which start with the letter zeus
What is the surface of the Malacca Sultanate palace?
How has the candidate Donald Trump sparked controversy?
What is the ticker symbol for Chevron Corporation on the New York Stock Exchange?
Who is the daughter of Guinevere's wife?
Which is the Framalibre ID for Wilhelm Furtwängler?
Which is the date of disappearance of Natalia Molchanova?
Richard III of England was depicted by which film ?
What is the ruchess ID of Anatoly Karpov?
Which is They Work for You ID of David Cameron?
What are the type of business entity which start with the letter S
Which {telephone prefix} is {born at} {Abu Nuwas} ?
Who is noble family of has mother of Iziaslav I of Kiev ?
What are the team which start with the letter vándormások
What is the military rank of Kim Jong-un, the commander of Korean People's Army?
Which are the afflicts of mercury poisoning?
According to Gregorian date when did Ad ar-Rahman die?
What is internetmedicin.se ID for breast cancer ?
Which is the Cinema ID for Amélie?
What is the country calling code for Nauru?
What is the Fossilworks ID for pigeon?
WHICH IS THE LAKE PLACE OF FOUNDATION OF JOHN ENGLAND & THE WESTERN SWINGERS
Which isotope of barium decaying to caesium-116 has the most binding energy ?
what is an experiment that starts with the letter t.
Which is the PagesJaunes ID for Louvre Museum?
Is the absolute magnitude of the 10199 Chariklo equal to 6.7?
When the statement was declared that German is sharing its border with the Poland?
What is the translation of the above?
Which is the tracklist for Revolver?
which is the public policy that starts with letter r
What is the film genre and the name of the singer of Long Story Short?
Who is the architect of the Chapultepec Castleon?
Is it true David_Lynch educated at George Washington University  and Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts ?
When was George II of Great Britain became duke?
Is it true that the foreign transaction fee of the Santander 1plus Visa Card equals to 0?
Which cooperative bank that is a member of Bundesverband der Deutschen Volksbanken und Raiffeisenbanken has the most employees ?
When did Dragan Džajić leave Yugoslavia's national footbal team
What is the Alcalá de Henares population determined by the register office?
Does a house cats bite force reach 46.4?
What connects Okinawa Island and Sesoko Island?
What is Pluto's Population I star?
What treatment is given for signs of hydrogen fluoride exposure
Is the binding energy of tritium greater than 6785.436?
Who did Alexander Fleming receive the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine with?
What is the collection of Pietà?
What is Cinemagia actor ID for Lionel Messi?
What is Nuremberg's Bavarikon ID?
Which is the National-Football-Teams.com player ID for Clarence Seedorf?
Who produced the record that split from I feel fine?
What was the position held by Juan Carlos I before Felipe VI of Spain replaced him?
Which is the MR Author ID of Niels Bohr?
Which is the Dictionnaire critique des historiens de l'art ID for Théophile Gautier?
What is the name for the Chinese character system of writing?
what are the train service which start with the letter v
Which is the average space complexity of quicksort?
What has a border that is Anguillara Sabazia and is also the birth location of Gaius Cassius Longinus?
Did John Wayne Gacy work at Jollibee Foods Corporation?
Name an athlete competing in high jump ?
What is Marija Gimbutas' Persee author ID?
What volcanic eruption occurred in the Dutch East Indies?
What award did Laurence Fishburne receive at the 46th Tony Awards?
How much market capitalization are for JPMorgan Chase?
Where is Osama bin Laden's place of residence, that has diplomatic relation with Australia?
What is the CFSI of the Le Pere Goriot setting location?
who is the head coach of boston Celtics?
Which voting round for Marine Le Pen had the most spoilt votes?
What Basque Autonomous Community shares a border with part of Pyrenees-Atlantiques?
When did the reign of Sigismund III Vasa as King of Poland end?
Who formed  Santa Monica predecessor?
Who did James Joyce get married to in London?
Which television series includes the character Robin Hood?
What play depicts the life of Richard III of England?
Name the building by the engineer Arup with the least amount of elevators.
Who is the husband and child of Anthony Dryden Marshall
What is the symbol of the physical quantity of pound per square inch ?
When converted to SI unit, is the darcy equal to 1.18428e-12?
When did Seiichi Morimura earn the Edogawa Rampo Award?
When was Zakarpattia Oblast break from Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic which was situated in the administrative territorial entity?
What is the Christian name of Paul Anderson, that is the same as Pavle?
Who is the child of Seabiscuit?
Is Planck's constant less than 5.300856032e-34?
What was proximately caused by the consequence  of bubonic plague ?
Who is the person from the People's Republic of China that has the most century breaks?
Those pledging allegiance to Ayman al-Zawahiri are part of what organization?
What is the name of the shrine dedicated to Tokugawa Ieyasu?
What are the legendary figure which start with the letter e
What field is the craft of Saparius Catalin in?
Is it true Pamela is the given name of Pamela Anderson?
Is the maximum number of players of Abalone equal to 6?
Who is the team that worked on the teleplay called the Ripper?
Is it true that the admission rate of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology equals to 0.08?
What is the fault of Nazca Plate?
Which is the Atheneum person ID of Edward V of England?
When did Tashkent become the capital of Uzbekistan?
Does the illiterate population of the Asanbani equal 0?
What is the net profit of Nissan in a fiscal year?
When did Andrzej Pelczar leave Jagiellonian University?
When Carlos Andres Perez da costa was replaced by Luis Herrera Campins, what position did he hold?
What is the profession of Henry Washington Younger sons?
Which is the vertical depth for Lake Winnipeg?
Why Roald Amundsen died at Bear Island?
Is the career plus-minus rating of the Roland Eriksson equal to -70?
What is the Forth Bridge's Historic Scotland ID number?
Who is the producer and executive producer of Fight Club?
Do the aftershocks of the 2011 Lorca earthquake equal 131
Was Genghis Khan's wife named Yesui?
What was the political party membership of Robert Moses?
Which Led Zeppelin single is in tracklist IV?
What's Russia's inception?
Is the coastline of borovoe less than 16.32?
Is the mean age of England less than 30.88?
How many demonyms are there for Croatia?
Where is the place of burial in Thessaloniki
What is occupation of the TV host of Top Gear?
When did the inventor of the Messier 83 die?
What position was Stanley Baldwin elected in?
Is Tony Robbins' occupation motivational speaker and manager?
What is Sonia Fisch-Muller's field of study?
Who is often confused with the snake that has a higher taxon than Ophidia
Is the incidence of pancreatic cancer less than 1.6?
What are the coordinates of the Amur river mouth?
What is the script of Modern English?
What is the architectural style of Bauhaus?
"Who is {brother or sister} of {Khadijah bint Khuwaylid}, which has {marry} is {Safiyyah bint ‘Abd al-Muttalib} ?"
What was the statement made by Geoffrey Rush after being nominated for Best Supporting Actor ?
What is {workplace} of {Cnut the Great}, that has {diplomatic relation} is {Romania}
Was Dave Grohl part of the Democratic Party?
Is the optimum viable temperature of the Marichromatium sp. 24.0
Which is the 90minut player ID of Robert Lewandowski?
Which is the taxon synonym of Ochotona?
What is notable about the border of Utah and Wyoming?
Is the electronegativity of the sodium less than 1.2?
Is Binalog the residence of Andrew Barton Paterson during the end time?
Which is employment field of Tatsuya Sugai's employment?
Ethanol is of what ZINC ID?
Is the minimum wavelength of sensitivity of the Large Synoptic Survey Telescope 320?
Did Yemelyan Pugachev die in Moscow Oblast?
Tell me the metropolitan area that is maintained by the Metropolitan Manila Development Authority and starts with the letter m?
Does Odo of Scarpone hold a directorial position?
What sports team did Abedi Pele belong to and how many matches did they play?
How many people live in Porto Alegre?
When Neil Simon, the spouse of Marsha Mason, was born?
What is the dam of Lake Gordon
Who were the patron saints that formed the Society of Jesus ?
When did Kofi Annan receive the award Confucius Peace Prize?
What is the native language of Modern Standard Arabic?
What is the border of the death location of Tommy Douglas?
When did Margaret Mead marry Gregory Bateson?
For what position was Winston Churchill elected in the United Kingdom general election in 1935?
When did George Canning become Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs?
What is GAMECIP media format ID for Blu-ray Disc ?
What is in the category of blue whale?
WHICH  SPORTS IS SUCCEDED  ON 1993 RALLY GB
Who is the officeholder of United Nations Secretary-General?
When did Urban II's position as Cardinal/Bishop end?
What is the perceived population for the solar system of the planet Uranus.
What is SSRN author ID for Fischer Black ?
What are thegroup or class of chemical substances which start with the letter vitamin
n/a
What is the luxury yacht with the highest beam whose manufacturer is Lürssen?
What grammatical mood of French has a French indicative?
What is the { electoral district } for { Shinzō Abe } as { member of the House of Representatives of Japan }?
Which  is participant in  conflict  branch of Charles Whitman ?
When was Lou Reed awarded o the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame?
Who replaced Thomas Henry Huxley as the President of the Royal Society?
What is the statement is subject of Nigeria whose diplomatic relation is Cameroon?
What is the name of the single which features Hrithik Roshan
Tell me the commune of France with specific status that is in the list of monument of the Lyon's list of monuments and whose name contains the word lyon?
Which medical subfield studies cancer?
What is the {convicted of} and the {member of} of {Axl_Rose} ?
Who is a member of the school attended by Sidney Mintz?
Who is the co-founder of publishing house of Journal of experimental psychology, human learning and memory?
What number of partnerships does Autonomous University of Barcelona have?
What businesses are headquartered in Cleveland?
What is Hansard (1803–2005) ID for Clement Attlee?
What career did Henry Roy Brahana study?
What is Grigori Perelman's compact space for solving?
Thomas Aquinas is the patron saint of what part of Italy?
When did Hippocrates in Circa die?
Which is the BFI work ID for Sherlock?
Who is the  {protein} for {physically interacts with} of {diazepam}
Which position was George Reid held and elected in?
Is it true that the electorate of Del Carmen is greater than 8388?
What is the think tank for the Smithsonian Institution's parent organization?
Which is the locality of Vojvodina having a diplomatic relation of Holy See?
What is the diocese of Paris archdiocese?
Is the budget of Tinkoff equal to 19200000?
TELL ME USE WHOSE NAME HAS THE WORD TINDER IN IT
Tell me how many kids Amlaib's sister has.
Which is the Jewish Encyclopedia Daat ID for Numbers?
Who is Taxi Driver's film editor and director?
When did Beverly Sills ended her position as a chairperson?
Are Karen Carpenter and Ringo Starr singers?
Which Radofin MSX has the fastest clock speed?
When did Friedrich Nietzsche finish his education at the University of Bonn?
What academic institute did Ralph Abernathy earn a Master of Arts degree?
What is the mineral resource that starts with the letter 'p'?
Mention the doctoral disciple of Janet Yellen
What is the inspiration and influence of the Statue of Liberty?
Is the binding energy of the neon-20 equal to 160644.8?
What is allegiance of Mughal Empire ?
When did Frederick Sanger earn his “Doctor Honoris Causa” academic degree?
What are the honours of Bill T. Jones whose winner is Jule Styne?
Who is the owner of American Airlines
Name an anime television series broadcasted on Nippon BS Broadcasting in Japan starts with letter L
Which is the tributary orientation for Ottawa River?
what is in the  BDFutbol player ID of Allan simonsen?
Who gave the {postal index number} of {resident in} of {Robert Pattinson} ?
At what university did Douglas Adams study English literature?
What is the musical genre of Jefferson Airplane, a group co-founded by Emile Berliner?
Which is the objective of project or mission of the nuclear weapon?
What is the legal citation for Roe v. Wade?
What country was replaced by the Kingdom of Great Britain?
Which is the day of week of Saturday?
What geographical region and terrain feature is Thessaloniki located among?
TELL ME VEGETATION ZONE WHOSE NAME HAS THE WORD TAIGA IN IT
Is the price of the Kuwaiti dinar less than 3.6?
What criterion did Florence Griffith-Joyner  use who held a record of 200 meters?
When was Manchuko's capital Hsinking?
According to Otto's encyclopedia, what is the shortest unit of time ?
Who gave the {interment} of {consecrated by} of {Klaus Dick} ?
When G. Evelyn Hutchinson was awarded Kyoto Prize in Basic Sciences?
Mention the manager or the director of David Foster.
Why Van Morrison has his spouse Michelle Rocca?
Are people or cargo transported in an ambulance?
is the minimum number of players of The Settlers of Catan more than 2.4?
What is the MYmovies ID for Game of Thrones?
What is the twin town of George Cukor's native home?
What is the genetic association of the regulates (molecular biology) of the hsa-miR-6887-5p?
What are list of monuments in Rennes?
Which is the chartered company is a public company in it's legal form and whose name contains the word company?
How many input methods are there for the Wii U?
If the gender of Alwin Nikolais is the antonym of female, what gender is he?
Does the width of the Hermannskarsee equal 0.12?
At the Wan Chai station, are there 2.4 platform faces?
This extremely large, diverse family of tree frogs contains four subfamilies, in approximately 38 genera, with more than 700 species. Distribution is widespread, with hylids occurring throughout temperate North America and the neotropics, including the Caribbean islands. Hylids are also prevalent in Australia and Papua New Guinea. The genus Hyla is known from temperate Eurasia, Japan, and the northern tip of Africa.
WHAT IS DRAFTEXPRESS.COM ID OF LEBRON JAMES
What is the number of points/goals/set scored for Ali Daei, the member of sports team of Saipa F.C.?
What is the name of the location of death for Socrates, whose governor is Marta Suplicy?
What was the earthquake magnitude on the moment magnitude scale of the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami?
What was approved by Fuji followed by McIntosh?
Which country has the highest par?
Which are the studies for toxin?
Which is the conjugate acid for nitric acid?
Name a movie featuring Burt Reynolds
what is the county of American Indians ?
What is the born on of advisor of Gaston Bachelard ?
Which category of people is active in Eamon de Valera?
In which museum Mahatma Gandhi died ?
What is the history of anarchism, as opposed to illegalism?
does the lenth of provartenka equal to 0?
Who are the daughters of the author of Black Lamb and Grey Falcon?
Does the Seeteufel beam equal 2?
Tell me chartered company whose name has the word company in it.
Which state has the city that is the twin city of Geneva?
"Where is {birth place} of {Louis Timothee}, which has {member of} is {Treaty on Open Skies} ?"
What happens when caffeine interactions with a certain receptor in the body
When did intergovernmental organization for organisation directed from the office of United Nations Secretary-General?
In the country of  Singapore what are the A.P.J Abdul Kalam languages?
What is the Bildindex der Kunst und Architektur ID for The Night Watch?
Tell me carbine whose name has the word zastava in it.
How many border shares with the City of Cape Town?
What is he company ID for Kenji Mizoguchi?
What award Chow Yun-fat received for his work Hong Kong 1941?
When did animated character for characters of The Lion King?
What agonistic role does L-aspartic Acid have?
What is the name o an historical country that starts with the letter r.
explain me that the artistic type that contains the word of venus which has its own name.
What is movement for Renaissance music ?
What is the series ordinal of Philip V of France's child Margaret I, Countess of Burgundy?
Is it true that the number of participants of 2013 OFC under 17 Tournament is greater than 4.8?
How many depictions are there of the Mona Lisa?
Wich means{FIPS 5-2 alpha code (US states)}in {North Carolina} ?
Was Jupiter's child astronomical body Amalthea?
Is the moisture absorption rate of the akroloy para ICF 40 equal to 1.1?
What position does the nominee for 'One Ok Rock' currently hold?
Was David_Bowie record label EMI?
What is the ten digit ISBN number for the novel "For Whom the Bell Tolls"?
Tell me an ancient civilization whose name has the word urartu in it.
Who is the cast member of Thomas Mitchell?
What is the category of Susan Luery's work?
Who is the husband of the actor in Psycho?
When was Pierre Laval appointed as a Deputy Prime Minister of France?
Tell me steroid hormone whose name has the world testosterone in it
What is the name of David Brudnoy's alumni foundation?
What is the street address of the territorial administrative entity of the Arc de Triomphe?
When was the Old City of Jerusalem created in the Kingdom of Jerusalem?
Who is Lockheed C-130 Hercules' operator and developer?
What are diplomatic relations like between Belgium and the Netherlands?
Where is Akhenaten buried and where did they die?
Where was James Clerk Maxwell born in Scotland?
How many matches did Radamel Falcao García play when he was in the Colombia National Under-20 Football Team?
Is there an audio recording of Charles Duke?
Which infectious disease is caused by Staphylococcus aureus?
Who is the  {human} for {record held} of {marathon}
Are the number of representatives in an organization/legislature of West Dorset equal to 1?
What is the crime that Chris Brown was convicted of that involved Rihanna?
What is another name (also known as) used for Georges Bataille?
What is Rumi's culture and religion?
Who leads the Christian Science movement?
Tell me mineral resource whose name has the word petroleum in their name
Who painted the figures of 'Wolves Beyond the Border'?
Who created Judo ?
What was Sally Field nominated for at the 52nd Academy Awards?
The UIC alphabetical country code of Lebanon is?
who theater for location of Soviet Union?
Is it true that the maximum thrust of the Pratt & Whitney F100 is equal to 17800?
Which is the place of death of Robert Aldrich?
What is the ethnicity of Luigi Pirandello, who studies the science, that is Italian studies?
What planet has use of a sundial?
When was the Gregorian calendar introduced to the Papal States?
Is the minimum explosive concentration of dinitro-ortho-cresol equal to 30?
When did Barbara Payton the spouse of Franchot Tone die ?
Due to what disease for anatomical location of human leg
When was LeBron James nominated for Best Male Athlete ESPY Award?
What is in the category of electronic component?
What is the airplane bombing with the lowest number of survivors with one of the survivors being Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab?
Joe Cocker's first name is the same as which ion?
"Which is {namesake} of {Lagrange multiplier}, that has {studies} is {mathematical analysis} ?"
What is the median income of Hong Kong
what was the  facet and  history of topic of copyright?
Which is the ULAN ID of Charles Rennie Mackintosh?
Who is a graduate of John Key, who is a member of the Association of Research Libraries?
What book publishing company developed Final Fantasy?
What statement is subject of Louisiana that shares border with Texas?
Which is the Norsk kunstnerleksikon ID of Edvard Munch?
What is the final time for Wayde van Niekerk has a partecipant of 2015 World Championships in Athletics - Men's 400 metres?)
When did Charles the Fat get the noble title as King of Aquitane?
Is the sports league level of Cypriot First Division equal to 1.2?
What is Dmitry Medvedev's Declarator.org ID?
Which means{fernsehserien.de ID} from {Cheers} ?
To what country does Honolulu belong and when did it become a part of that country?
Tell me video game whose name has the word zauberschloß in it.
How many people have been inspired by Batman?
what is the honours of Fred Astaire, that has leader of James Mason ?
What is ALCUIN ID for Dante Alighieri?
How many people were in the lineage of Johann Wolfgang von goethe?
What is the procedural programming language designed by Grace Hopper ?
Who is the subsidiary entity of the University of British Columbia that has superior formation over the University of Victoria?
How many exhibition histories are for the L'Origine du monde} ?
Wich means {animal housed} for {sucessor } at {İzmir Zoo} ?
When did Bobby Moore join the Seattle Sounders?
Who are the authors of The Republic, whose school is Platonism?
Which is the US Federal Election Commission ID of Carly Fiorina?
How many record labels are with the {Trent Reznor} ?
What is the minimal incubation period in humans of the influenza vaccine?
What is the human spaceflight for Christa McAuliffe's crew member?
what is the binary star has the highest color index?
What was Howard H. Aiken's academic major at Harvard University?
What is the religion practiced by people in The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints?
What is the chemical compound of water?
What is the demised placce of Leo III}?
Which is the Greater Region located on terrain feature of the classical antiquity?
Is the thermal design power of the Core i7-7700 equal to 65?
Name a space observatory wose starting point is ELA-3 and that contains the word "space" in its name
Who was the production designer for the movie The Birth of a Nation ?
What is the standard molar entropy of ethanol?
What is founded by University of Chicago for the role of donor?
Who is the {human} for {place of death} of {Madrid}
What is the product of coral?
Is the stated age at the event of the Hammou Mouhal greater than 30.4?
n/a
who is the office held by head of the organisation and secretary general of Communist_Party_of_China?
What award did Sidney Sheldon receive at the 20th Academy Awards?
What is the correct way to say "ecology" in German?
What is the partner town of the birth place of Leonardo DiCaprio?
What hypothesis states that there are many worlds?
What was Mickey Rourke nominated for and what award did he receive?
The biological process of learning is what?
What Class IB flammable liquid has the highest time-weighted average exposure limit?
Is the nominal GDP per capita of North Macedonia more than 5823.192?
What is the topic of chronology of the citizenship of Harry Chipeni?
What has a grammatical person in the languages of expression of Magda Szabó?
What is the artfor of the moveable object location of Ärztestopp?
Which is the maximum operating altitude for Airbus A380?
which is the type of orbit  and the parent astronomical  body of  international  space station?
What is the standard deviation of the Classification of Instructional Programs ID?
Name the business company where Indra Nooyi served as the Chief Executive Officer
What is Annelida new id for fauna europaea?
what is the character role for seventeen moments of spring has cast member as nikolay prokopovich?
What part did Mark Skaife play in 1926 24 Hours of Le Mans?
What is the TV.com ID from Schindler's list?
What strategy game has the least players?
What is the motif of the mascot of the Wisconsin Badgers?
Name an earthquake from Italy with the lowest vertical depth.
In which safety classification and taxon is Ethanol?
Is the damage cost of the Tulsa Massacre 30000000?
What is the name in the original language of the daughter of Tyr?
Is the total votes of the Popular Initiative, "Protection Against Passive Smoking" 1150388?
Is the draft of Adler XI equal to 1.45?
Who is the inventor of Newton's law of motion, whose professorship position is Lucasian Professor of Mathematics?
What title did Guy of Lusignan hold, and who followed him ?
What Spongebob Squarepants character was Clancy Brown the voice actor for?
Where is the border of where Paulo Freire wrote?
What is the form of government in the place where death metal originated?
What is { start time } for { Fort Lauderdale } as { Astrakhan } has { twined administrative body }?
Which is the national library for the archives of James Joyce?
What murder method of Camaron de la Isla is due to air pollution?
When did Liza Minnelli and her husband David Gest get divorced?
How many symbols are there for Manitoba?
Is Ceraunius' diamater higher than 0?
Who was married to Faye Dunaway and when did it end?
What town's partner capital is Almohad?
What are the Colonial Colleges which start with the letter u
What award did Adele receive at that 59th Annual Grammy Awards?
Does the total valid votes of the Catalan reqional election of 2015 in Montseny equal to 231?
What award did Cormac McCarthy receive for his work on The Road?
Where is the {filming location} and the {narrative location} of {Reservoir_Dogs} ?
What is the parent organization of the International Court of Justice?
Who is the {gene} for {genetic association} of {allergic rhinitis}
WHAT IS THE POSITION OF VEHICLE NORMALLY USED IN POPEMOBILE THAT CONTAINS THE WORD POPE IN THEIR NAME
What is copy of products for Arcadia Machine & Tool ?
What part of the stomach is the venous return connected to?
Name a port city that contains the word "zuwetina " in its name
Which is the FootballDatabase.eu ID of Abedi Pele?
"Where is the border of Schaerbeek, and what happens in the Arrondissement of Brussel Capital?"
What is pollinated by Coleoptera ?
What are the binary operation which start with the letter u
What position did the The Godfather hold in the Godfather trilogy?
How long was George VI ruled as a monarch?
What is the diplomatic relation between Tunisia and its official language Tuvan?
Which is the organization for what is said to be the same of Scientology?
Which UCI ProTeam has the highest budget?
How many orbits completed by the Sputnik 1?
Where is the X-files filming and narrative location?
What was the previous job of the writer who published in a journal "Acoustic discrimination of sympatric morphs in Darwin's finches: a behavioural mechanism for assortative mating?
Name the currency issued by the Reserve Bank of Australia  that starts with letter A
For what role was Angelina Jolie nominated for an Academy Award for Best Actress?
When Anne of Great Britain, started her position monarch of England?
WHO IS THE HUSBAND OF EDWARD THE CONFESSOR DAUGHTER?
What is Dewey Decimal Classification for Canton of Fribourg ?
Who created this painting of Charles I of England?
What language of URL is Oku no Hosomichi, that has typology in subject-object-verb language?
Name the language of URL of Oku no Hosomichi, that is typology of subject-object-verb language?
What is the sport of the International Canoe Federation that has association with  kayaking?
Who is the founder of physical geography that was awarded Honorary citizen of Berlin?
Who is the perpetrator of the battle of Armin Thiede?
Is the boiler pressure of the SNCF 141.R equal to 15.5?
How to use correct grammar when studying the Hungarian language
What is the diet that is opposite and named after veganism?
Is it true that the magnetic moment of the triton equals 0.000000000000000000000000015046094?
What is ČSFD ID for The Ten Commandments?
Which is the detail map of Windsor Castle?
Rudolph II of Burgundy replaced Berengar I of Italy in this noble title?
What is the DVN id for Anne Frank?
Who gave the {ideology} of {party} of {Elisenda Alamany} ?
Port Harcourt shares the border with who?
Located in the city of Washington D.C., what is the parent company of the Smithsonian Institution?
When did Uppsala University start the Gregorian Calendar, was it earlier than 1584
When did Daniel Auster become Mayor of Jerusalem?
Which are the measures for weighing scale?
which inner planet has the highest orbital eccentricity?
Who married Mark Zuckerberg in Palo Alto?
What itime of the day that has the minimum time index in a Day?
who is the member of  Colin Meads sports team and how much matches did they play?
Which is the architectural style of postmodernism?
Is the sublimation temperature of the cobalt(III) nitrate equal to 40?
Who was the designer of the Golden Gate Bridge ?
How many of the archives are for Grace Hopper?
Is it true that the speed of sound through water is less than 1197.6?
What film was Steven Soderbergh nominated for Satellite Award for Best Director?
What painting is exhibited at Brown University?
When was Pier Luigi Bersani first elected head of the government of Emilia-Romagna?
What are the medical examinations for blood sugar?
Which is the Argentine deputy votations ID of Cristina Kirchner?
Who is the organizer of Ultimate Fighting Championship?
Which is the medical attribute for the produced sound of the respiratory system?
How many Gutenberg Bible collections are there?
Which is the BBC News Democracy Live ID of Jeremy Corbyn?
When did member of sports team of George Weah and number of matches played?
What is the largest group of species?
John Ford was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Picture for which movie?
What country did John Barrymore die in if the city was Los Angeles?
Which continent of South Pole , that have extreme point lowest in Bentley Subglacial Trench?
For how long was Abram L. Sachar the chairperson for Brandeis University.
Where is the next crossing downstream of the London Bridge.
Which is the Internet Off-Broadway Database ID of Irwin Corey?
who next to lake of  the principal area  of university of medical Sciences and technology ?
What are the diplomatic relations between Brunei and Canada?
Is the bite force quotient of the Vulpes vulpes equal to 92?
What is sex or gender for Mick Jagger ?
What is work period start for Corín Tellado ?
What is the reference for Louis-Nicolas Davout who was burried in the Pere Lachaise Cemetery?
What is the name of the skyscraper that has an architectural style of neo-futurism and that starts with the letter "t"?
The conjugate base of ammonia is what chemical compound?
Who is the film editor and director of Reservoir Dogs?
What is  the used for treatment of the treats disease of methocarbamol ?
Which is the Power of 10 athlete ID for Paula Radcliffe?
Which is the CulturaItalia ID of Uffizi?
What award did Louis Malle receive for his work on Au revois les enfants?
What is the sister city of Tirana, that has the county seat for the 4th of August Regime?
Which is Tilastopaja female athlete ID for Irena Szewińska?
What award did Abdellatif Kechiche receive for The Secret of the Grain?
Which is the Olympic sport that is an authority of International Biathlon Union and contains the word biathlon in it's name?
who is played by next of Perfect Day ?
What is the start time for Auguste Comte and his spouse Caroline Massin
Who was the U.S. Secretary of State after William H. Seward?
Which is the Catalogue of Life in Taiwan ID for Carica papaya?
Which is NLR Romania ID for Herman Melville?
What time is it at the twin town of Denpasar?
Volgograd is the capital of governorate of the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic
Who is the facet of and located in the administrative territorial entity of Assassination of John F. Kennedy?
Where is the mouth of the Daugava River located?
Tell me the type of statistic that starts with the letter v
Does the pulication interval of the Le Monde equal 0.8?
What is Les Enfoirés participant id for Celine Dion?
Where is the river mouth of the Uruguay river?
When was Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group owned by The Vanguard Group?
What is the stature of CN Tower that is the standard utilized is tallness to the involved floor?
Who is the important person behind Rumi?
What is the symbol indicating an equation?
What year was John Hunyadi buried?
What material is used in a gravitational wave and what is the effect of it?
What is the Japan-Korea Treaty of 1910?
Is the angular resolution of the Karl G. Jansky Very Large Array equal to 0.2?
Tell me archipelago  whose name has the word lies in it.
What is the seal image for Medan?
Who produces and is the builder of the John Deere Model 4020?
Who replaced James Stanhope as Chancellor of the Exchequer?
when is the {start time} for {Joseph-Louis Lagrange} who {member of} as {Prussian Academy of Sciences} ?
What position did Robert Gascoyne-Cecil, 5th Marquess of Salisbury replace Clement Attlee as?
Which is the OpenDOAR ID for Library and Archives Canada?
Is it true that Maddie Ziegler's first name Nicole?
What academic degree did Georges Méliès earn at Lycée Louis-le-Grand?
Is the clock speed of the Uzebox less than 34.32?
What is formed at  graduated from of Christopher Marlowe ?
Which is the Manitoba Sports Hall of Fame athlete ID for Bobby Hull?
When did Kara Hui win the Hong Kong Film Award for Best Supporting Actress?
Is the number of players in region of rugby union in Kenya equal to 42904?
What is pronunciation audio made from pork ?
Louis VII of France held which position and when did he start?
Is Nicolas Cage's family name Coppola?
Name the person behind the renowned work of Nineteen Eighty-Four
Name a kind of detached home that starts with letter V
Is the tensile modulus of elasticity of the UNS S32205 / EN 1.4462 duplex stainless steel greater than 223200.0?
Name a Norwegian radio station
What is the star with the highest proper motion whose companion of is Alpha Centauri B ?
Which is the free and open-source software that is named after Linux?
WHICH IS THE RAILROAD WITH THE MAXIMUM GRADIENT
What is geomorphological unit of East European Plain ?
What is the resting place of Hayreddin Barbarossa, that has a sister in Lagos?
What is the history of the Indian Reserve at Nanyang Technological University?
What TV character did Benn Affleck perform?
What encyclopedia covers encyclopedias?
Who is Warren Beatty's wife or partner?
What was Johannes Stewart's given name?
What is motto  successor of Province of New York ?
Which is the dam of Three Georges Dam?
Who is John Conrad's mother's brother?
When were American Samoa named ethnic group as Samoans?
What is Anatoly Karpov's work location where official language if Russian?
Which is National Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum of Willie Mays
How in what year was James K. Polk govenor of Tennesse
Which asteroid has got the most orbital inclination?
What is the Heidelberg Academy for Sciences and Humanities member ID for Martin Heidegger?
DOES THE TOTAL DEBT OF CARREFOUR GROUP IS EQUAL TO 4531000000
What is the charger for the rebellion?
What academic major studies World History?
which mountain has a tallest elevation above sea level?
Which is the MLB ID for Willie Mays?
What is the 3DMet ID  for ethanol?
Is the highest no-effect level of chlorobenzene 27.25?
In Korea, why is the central bank ruled by Japan?
Who is chairwoman party membership of Jack Horner ?
Which is the Sega8bit.com identifier for King's Quest: Quest for the Crown?
Which is the triumphal arch that Jean Chalgrin was the architect and contains the word arc in it's name!
Who {has sons} of {daddy} {Noel Tata} ?
WHO was the commonwealth participant of the north african campaign?
Where in the Kingdom of Italy was the birthplace of Anna Magnani?
What is the body of standards of the International Organization for Standardization?
What is {stockholders} to {represent} {Vista aérea da cidade de São Paulo/SP} ?
Was Carl_Sagan spouse Carl Woese and Linda Salzman Sagan ?
Who is the author of Othello?
Are the maximum sustained winds of the Tropical Storm Debby 54.0?
What is available in The Forsyte Saga which has a script of the English alphabet?
Where did Gianni Agnelli work and when did it ended?
How many languages are used in Australia?
Which English film has the longest average shot length?
In what way can things be described as similar that starts with the letter "n"?
How many symptoms are there of mercury poisoning?
What is the field of action of the parent company of Claro?
What is the name of the famous Roman stadium
What are the trigonometric function which start with the letter v
Gisli Jonsson replaced Bertil Ohlin in what position?
What is the profession of Amartya Sen, whose patron saint is Santo Tomás de Aquinas?
When did stadium for operator of University of Toronto?
n/a
Who is the language official from Khanate of Kokand, that has AWLD status and is 1 safe?
Where was the Russian Revolution co-founded by Peter the Great?
what is the statement of subject of award received by Jose Ferrer in 1st Tony Awards?
What is { award received } from { Goodfellas } that is the subject of { 63rd Academy Awards }?
What are the disjoint union and opposite of Real numbers?
What is the EU Vat number of Ferrovie dello Stato Italiane?
What is part of the background of Iran, that has racial group of I.A.?
Did Britney Spears speak, write, or sign Old English?
What position was held by Richard Nixon that was later taken by Gerald Ford?
Tell me me a republic whose name consist of the word republic and whose capital venice
Who participated in the conflict of Central Powers that preceded World War II?
What is the sex of the biological sibling of Frederick William III of Prussia?
To which National Association Football team does Lionel Messi belong?
Who is a member of the crew of Enola Gay?
Tell me military offensive whose name has the word operation in it.
For what railway stations is Isambard Kingdom Brunel the architect?
Tell me me a musical  whose name consist of the word "woods" and whose lyrics by Stephen Sondheim
Who were the participants of the Attack on Pearl Harbor and what effect as the end result of the attack?
What is the determination method for a substance dependence that has the genetic association of PLEKHG1?
Which is the surface tension of ethyl acetate?
Which landlocked country has the highest GDP PPP?
What's the name of the Looney Tunes bird?
What's the official language for Patna?
What is the number of out of school children of the continent of Sub-Saharan Africa?
Who is the person in the significant event of the dissolution of the Soviet Union?
Which is the mandate of human rights?
WHICH IS THE SPORT IN A GEOGRAPHIC REGION WITH THE MAXIMUM NUMBER OF CLUBS
What city in Bilbao has a twinned administrative body?
What physically interacts with glycine and has a subcellular localization in the integral component of a membrane?
Which macOS operating systems use PowerPC to function?
What is the indirect cause of the predecessor of street sweepers, janitors, and professionals who take care of buildings such as hospitals and schools?
The Dijkstra's algorithm is named after which mathematician?
Does the dolabriferol C have a specific rotation equal to -36.16?
Tell me water deity whose name has the word yinglong in it.
What is Clochers de France ID of Notre Dame de Paris ?
Charles the Bald position is what and he got his position after which person?
Why did October Revolution got devastated and who was responsible behind it?
What is the location of Feng Youlan's death that has a twin city named Minsk?
What is the country of citizenship of the Kingdom of the Netherlands?
What is the county seat of Bandar Seri Bagawan in APEC?
What kind of characters are in Ghost Trick: Phantom Detective?
What is the position of Bernie Sanders and his electoral district?
What city is the county seat of Norfolk?
Does Bharat Sanchar Nigam have more than 96,800,000 subscribers?
Which version of iOS did the 1st generation iPod Touch run?
Name a chemical element located in the UK that contains the word "strontium" in its name
What is the Kinopoisk film ID for Dragon Ball Z?
What is the rank of the taxon parent in the Allosaurus family?
What Class IIIB combustible liquid has the highest vapor pressure?
what is just fontaine of fff male player id
How many movements are for The Internationale ?
When did Keith Holyoake become the Prime Minister of New Zealand?
How many people visit the Counter-Reformation every year?
Emma Stone's hair is what color?
Which is the minimal incubation period in humans for malaria?
Which is the standard enthalpy of formation of ethane?
At what end time did Adolphe Thiers give up his position held as the head of government in France?
What tributary is on lake Saint Martin?
What is the deity of Mahishasura} ?
What wind turbine power station has the least annual energy output?
what is the spacecraft with the lowest orbits completed whose instance of is spacecraft?
What is the name of of Jose de San Marin in Portuguese?
What is the ITF wheelchair player ID for Shingo Kunieda?
Where did Vint Cerf have an academic major of mathematics?
Who is the devout Episcopal child of Casey Affleck?
When was Pericles born, given that the Gregorian  date of his birth is earlier than 1584
Which is the RSL editions of Esquire?
What signed language of Peter Singer has a case of genitive case?
The Tokugawa Shogunate was located in what country?
What film was Diane Keaton nominated for an Academy Award for Best Actress?
Which is the voice type of death growl?
Who is the renter of the neighborhood, Venus de MIlo?
What are the book which start with the letter t
Which is the collage image for Boston?
Which is {founded by} the {subsidiary} of {Southwest_Airlines} ?
How many presenters are for Top Gear?
Are Tintin and Snowy characters from 'The Adventures of Tintin'?
When did Sebastian Cole hold the position of the President of the Olympic Organizing Committee?
What is USHMM Holocaust Encyclopedia ID of genocide?
What is the constitution of the Soviet Union?
Which is the diagnostic test that is a health specialty of anatomical pathology and contains the word pap in it's name?
What is the daily newspaper published by Alan Rusbridger that contains the word " guardian" in its name
Which is the endianness for x86?
Who is {educated by} of {artist} of {Tout le monde} ?
When did Donald Crisp win the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor?
Is it true that the Mohs' hardness of pyrite equals to 6?
What are the film studio which start with the letter s
When is the end time of the Republic of Tartarstan whom Rostam Minnexanov was head of government?
What are the  type of software which start with the letter s
What was Judi Dench nominated for in Notes on a Scandal?
Does the bore of the DRG Class 03 equal 570?
Which Kazakhstan landing Soyuz-TM has the greatest orbital period?
When was the first to record the death of David Koresh?
What is the title of the sequel to Lila: An Inquiry into Morals and who authored it?
How is a cubic meter measured?
When Gamal Abdel Nasser} started his position as Prime Minister of Egypt?
Who is the voice actor of the character Loretta Brown from the Family Guy?
In the history of Peru, What is the total fertility rate of women?
Is it true that the maximum temperature record of Antarctica is less than 21?
What is the royal house of the manager of the Order of Saint John Bailiwick of Brandenburg?
Did {Telangana} {contain administrative territorial entity} {Nalgonda District} and {Yadadri Bhuvanagiri district}
Who is Henry the Lion's first cousin?
Name the G-type main-sequence star in our solar system with the smallest angular diameter ?
What area in Sevastopol is disputed territory?
What does the split from the Virgin Mary portray?
Sergei Eisenstein is the screenwriter of which silent film?
How many people were in the Battle of Midway?
Does Daft Punk perform in the genres of New Wave and Nu-Disco?
When did Cathay Pacific begin to operate the Bristol Britannia ?
What are the symptoms and medical tests needed to treat lung cancer?
Who is born at Tilda Swinton, which has a partner town of Baku?
What commodity did the creators of the Logitech 3D mouse at Musée Bolo use?
What are the DNB editions of the King James Version?
Biotin is used against which disease ?
Was Andy Murray nominated for the Best Moment ESPY Award?
Is the total fertility rate of the Belize greater than 2.0632?
WHat is the project involving nuclear weapons that contains the word "manhattan" in its name ?
Which is the JMK film rating for Titanic?
Which is Star Wars Databank ID for Princess Leia?
What are the music genre which start with the letter s
Who is {chief executive} of {manufacturer} of {IBM 7030 Stretch} ?
Was Yul Brynner nominated for both the Academy Award for Best Actor and Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Featured Actor in a Musical?
What is the creation date of the Daimler AG subsidiary company?
What is Wiki Loves Monuments ID for Knossos?
What position was Itamar Franco elected to in 1982?
did mariah_carey belong to ethnic group of cubans
Which is the elCinema film ID for The Godfather Part II?
What are the symptoms of lung cancer ?
Which is the foods traditionally associated for Meleagris gallopavo?
What is Eason Chan youngster?
When is John Betjeman most fertile?
What is Dictionary of Sydney ID for Sydney Harbour Bridge ?
What is "Minecraft – Pocket Edition"'s field of exercise ?
Which is the Fotografen.nl ID of Harold Eugene Edgerton?
What award did Gwen Stefani win with Eve?
What Spanish election to the Parliament of Catalonia had the fewest legitimate votes?
What is located in the administrative unit of Aquascalientes, which has boroughs  called Nayarit?
When did Edward Coke receive the National Book Award for Nonfiction?
Who was Arthur Seyss-Inquart`s defender in the Nuremberg trials?
Name the watercourse located in Canada ?
What employment did the grandmother of Rob Kardashian have?
What are the ssociation football stadium which start with the letter U
Which nominees won Circuit Community Awards for the film, 'Fight Club'?
What is the {geological type locality} of {sylvite} that was involved in the {significant incident} of the {Mount Vesuvius eruption of 1631}?
Where did Mashhur bin Abdulaziz Al Saud's father die?
Does Delta Air Lines make $552,284,000,000?
What is position held by Charles VIII of France who replaces Louis XI of France?
Which populat TV series features Christine Prayon
who sister town of born in of Huban Öztoprak ?
What is the most natural abundance of the isotope of cadmium that decays to palladium -106?
To whom did Ingmar Bergman got married and when did it ended?
What is the author and the chief executive officer of Reddit ?
who is author of afterword of Nineteen Eighty-Four ?
Who was Ip Man's student?
What is the arrondissement of Cathedral of Santiago de Compostela, and has a partner town of Mashhad?
Which is the video game of the series of Call of Duty?
what are the military rank which starts with s
What is the word for cattle in Tamil?
When did Octavio Paz receive a John Simon Guggenheim Memorial Foundation Fellowship?
Which extrasolar planet within the constellation Aquarius has the smallest radius?
What are the aspect of histor which start with the letter r
When did Sacha Baron Cohen receive the LA Film Critics Assoc. Award for Best Actor?
"Which is {uses language} of {Imre Kertész}, that has {AWLD status} is {1 safe} ?"
Is the member count of the Club of Rome 80.0?
How much people are there in the  administrative territorial entity of Madeira?
What is Yue Fei's Gran Enciclopedia Catalana ID?
"Which is {parent body} of {Neptune}, who has {symbol} is {solar symbol} ?"
When did Ray Bradbury get the doctor honoris causa degree?
Is the fee of the Ueno Zoo greater than 240.0?
Which is {birthplace} {state} of {Victor Emmanuel I of Sardinia} ?
WHAT ARE COMIC GENRE WHICH START WITH THE LETTER N
What is the career of the creators of The Sims?
How many first aid measures are there for mercury poisoning?
Tell me railroad line whose name has the word schluff in it.
Who is the fictional person that is present in the work of Macbeth?
Who is the person of the family of House of Medici?
What is another treatment of hypertension other than hypersalivation?
In which sovereign state did the Indian Independence Movement happen in?
Which is the Trustpilot company ID for Wikipedia?
Which is National Gallery of Canada artist ID for Camille Pissarro?
What country is Abuja the capitol of?
Iggy Pop is a member of what band?
Tell me about position held of Vladimir Putin and manager/director?
How many terrorists are in the terrorist group Hezbollah?
Isaac Fawkes, also known as Isaach, is known by what personal name?
Which is the character role of Luciano Pavarotti?
Which is the doctoral thesis of Dorothy Hodgkin?
What is the daughter that has kids} of Halaevalu Mataʻaho ʻAhomeʻe ?
Is the electrical resistivity of Grivory GM-4H equal to 1000000000000?
What is Jacinda Adern's official title?
What was Joseph's occupation?
Tom Brady plays what position on which team?
Is George O'Leary's number of losses of less than 121.2?
What is Proxima Centauri's companion?
When did landlocked country for currency of Russian ruble?
Thessaloniki is part of what region?
What is the total assets owned by the Royal Dutch Shell?
who operates Dash 8?
Which is the cipM poet ID of John Cage?
Is it true that the production rate of Volvo is greater than 427465.6?
What books were illustrated by William Blake?
What are the ancient city which start with the letter zemar
which is the {type of kinship} for {Jesse Louis Lasky} whose {relative} as {Samuel Goldwyn} ?
When did Tanya Roberts leave the Charlie's Angels cast?
Where is the location of the river source for the Hudson River?
who is the Vidhan Sabha for legislative body of Assam?
Wikipedia is the operator of what foundation?
Which Hanseatic city has a twinned administrative body of Thessaloniki?
What was Gerry Adams position held that cause the dissolution of parliament?
Was Billy Joel a member of the Billy Joel Band?
Was cancer the cause of death of Paul Newman?
Which are the coordinates of the point of view for Bliss?
tell me railway tunnel that contains the word tunel in the name
Which  is party chief representative of Xi Jinping ?
What are the thunder god which start with the letter zeus
Who is the organizer of FIFA World Cup?
Which is the genomic end of RHO?
What country is located in the administrative territorial entity of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa?
Is it true that the electric charge of the pion equals to -1?
Amtrak is the owner of which tower station ?
What does a prescription drug for bipolar disorder do?
Which is the medical exam of phenotype?
When is {diplomatic relation} {comes from} {Hunger} ?
Which is the office held by head of the organisation of Autonomous University of Madrid?
Who are the alumnus of Chris Burden whose Carnegie Classification of Institutions of Higher Education is exclusively undergraduate four-year?
swimranking.net ryan lochte id is
What is the {nominated for} and the {award received} of {Sharon_Stone} ?
What is key event of h capital that has Grand Duchy of Moscow ?
What is the Official name of Lahore?
what is the work  for Neil Gaiman has award received as Locus Award for Best Collection?
What is the form of government of the country William Kidd was born in?
Which is the PhilPapers publication ID of Mind?
What was China previous dynasty before Yuan ?
Tell me about the state in the Confederation of the Rhine located in the administrative territorial entity of Weimar Republic.
What is in the  MCN code of fuel oil ?
What are the outflows of Lake Albert that are tributaries of Kidepo River?
What what is project objective of project or mission nuclear weapon and also which starts with letter m
Tell me about noble title of Pepin the Short and follows
when did Sara Northup Hollister and L. Ron Hubbard divorce?
Where did Andrey Kolmogorov earn his Doctor of Sciences in Physics and Mathematics?
When did member of sports team of Franz Beckenbauer and number of matches played?
who Vidhan Sabha for executive body of manipur?
What is Watt based on the way to measure the physical quantity?
Which is {member of} {sovereign state} of {province of China} ?
When was Nnamdi Azikiwe the President of Nigeria?
What portable computer had MS-DOS as the operating system?
When did Eduardo Frei Ruiz-Tagle receive an award as Lagun Onari?
Which is the novella that contains the word švabica in it's name?
When did PewDiePie receive the Shorty Awards?
which freedom starts with d
Which is the national mission of Mary Higgins Clark?
For what period is La Marseillaise valid as the French anthem?
WHAT IS THE CULTURAL HISTORY OF CHINA?
Who is the participant that's not cooperative in the depiction of the Statue of the Viscount Slim?
Is Houston the twinned administrative body of Luanda and Guayaquil?
Pentachoron is dual to what?
What are the list of characters for the Doctor Who} ?
Which is the license plate code for Greece?
Who is {disciple} and {supervisor} of {David Ward-Steinman} ?
Is the focal length of the large binocular telescope 14.808?
Who is the alumna of wives of Rebecca West?
What notable books were inspired by the Portrait of Louise Vernet?
What diseases does psychotherapy study?
Which isotope of lead has the least mass excess which decays to thallium-185?
What is the speed limit in the Netherlands?
What is gained from the story of Equatiorial Kundu?
Is Erich Salomon a photographer?
Name the Burial Plot referance for Claude Bernard who was burried in Pere Lachaise cemetery?
How many wears for Michael Jordan?
What are the scores measured by the intelligence quotient (I.Q.)?
Who is the child of Mahmoud Abbas?
Is the target interest rate of the Bank of Israel equal to 0.08?
Which work of Toni Morrison was awarded the NAACP Image Award for Outstanding Literary Work, Fiction?
Which is MyDramaList title ID of Seven Samurai?
Did Roe v. Wade cite the Muskrat v. United States?
tell me about moon of saturn starts with the letter t
Which is the handedness of Bruce Willis?
What is the quantity for canton of Switzerland?
Which is the fictional universe of the fictional universe described in Star Trek?
Does the student count of the Heilbronn School of Business equal 128?
What is the Catalogus Professorum Academiae Groninganae ID of Johan Huizinga?
Who is the chairperson of Coptic Orthodox Church of Alexandria?
What {on the shore of} the {Mid-Atlantic Ridge}, is a {tributary} of the {Albemarle Sound}
Which is the Indonesian Small Islands Directory ID for Krakatau?
where is the located in the administrative territorial entity and who is the category of associated people of Hollywood?
When did Pavel Nakhimov receive the Order of St. George, 2nd class award?
"Which is {based in} of {Cuban Missile Crisis}, whose {tributary} is {Grande de Matagalpa River} ?"
who won by of prize received of john le carré ?
Which is the International Standard Identifier for Libraries of University of Liverpool?
What is the god worshipped by Jehovah's Witnesses that contains the word "yahweh" in its name ?
Is the highest break of the Joe Swail equal to 142?
how many charges does nuremberg trials have?
Which brand is located in Barcelona?
Name a landmark located in the administrative territorial entity of Old Toronto that starts with letter C
When was Charles VI, Holy Roman Emperor, the King of Hungary?
What is the parent astronomical body and the type of orbit for the Hubble Space Telescope?
Is it true that people speak German in Seychelles and Republic of Congo?
Who had a son named Timur, and whose interment was in Shahrisabz?
Who is the {Wikimedia category} for {category for films shot at this location} of {Shanghai}
When did John Hume end his position held as Member of the Parliament of Norther Ireland?
Who composed "The Magic Flute"?
Which is the Polish scientist ID for Lech Kaczyński?
"What is {main topic} of {history of Afghanistan}, which has {governor} is {Mohammed Nadir Shah} ?"
Which aspect of history of Latin America has scientifical studies of Latin American?
Who was Barbara Walters's spouse and when did the marriage end?
Does the collection or exhibition size of William S. soule photographs of Arapaho , Cheyenna,Kiowa,Comanche, and Apache indians equal to 0?
Is Triton's orbital eccentricity 0.000016?
Which is {national park} of {outflow}  {Sol Duc River} ?
What female is not the same as Kevin Durant who is male?
Which strain has the highest viable temperature?
Which place of detention for  Elie Wiesel ?
Where was Alexander buried in Freising Cathedral?
Joko Widodo is the head of government of which sovereign state ?
"What is {eponym} of {Gödel, Escher, Bach}, which has {working place} is {Institute for Advanced Study} ?"
Who is the role model of the author of The Iron Duke?
What theme follows the Manual for Civilization?
What is the flash point of malathion whose criterion used is lower bound?
Who owns the rights of the Triumph of the Will?
Which talk show did Ellen DeGeneres create?
Who is starring in the film series The Heather Biblow Story?
Which was the last year John Russell, 1st Earl Russell held the position of the Lord President of the Council?
What's Andrew Gaze's Australian Olympic Committee athlete ID.
When was Ann Dunham married to Lolo Soetoro?
n/a
With a dissertation of the Systems of Logic Based on Ordinals, who is the Turing Test named after?
What is portrayed by track list of Morning Musume no Hyokkori Hyōtanjima ?
Did Scott Stevens receive Hart Memorial Trophy and Art Ross Trophy?
Which is the business for which Steve Jobs was a board member?
What is the capital of the secular state of Montevideo?
In which metropolitan region of terrain feature is Frankfurt located?
Is the Trans-Gabon Railway maximum gradient equal to 8?
Which films is Mary Pickerford in?
What is the part of the grammar that deals with the history or origin of the words of {Planck time}, that has {doctoral student} is {Walther Bothe} ?
Tell me the intergovernmental organization of the coat of arms of Emblem of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations that starts with the letter a!
Who is working in Room 101?
Tell me the newspaper that has English as language of work and contains the word tribune in it's name?
Which is the organization for the subsidiary of Rutgers University?
When did construction for Taipei 101 end?
How many individuals has Andrei Chikatilo convicted?
Who succeeds to John McIntosh, the inventor of Honeycrisp?
What is the works for of the movie director of  Primate ?
What is MusicBrainz place ID for Cardiff University ?
What is  field of study of René Leduc. Pionnier de la propulsion à réaction. 2000 ?
Who gave the{deathdate} of {directed by} of {The World According to Garp} ?
When was Doris Lessing the spouse of Gottfried Lessing?
Who attended the Battle of the Vittorio Veneto?
Which {diplomatic relation} of {sovereign state} of {Adelaide} ?
How many head coaches are there for FC Bayern Munich?
who this taxon is a source of taxon parent  of musa juwiniana ?
Which is the patron saint for Sabadell?
What is a taxonomic rank that starts with the letter v.
What is the Parthian Empire's office religion?
What year did Louis XV of France and Navarre pass away?
Is Transport Layer Security used by Extensible Authentication Protocol and SMPTPS?
tell me about sedative contains the word nutmeg in their name
Which is the Crunchyroll ID for Cowboy Bepop?
What are the names of the characters in the show "Bobby Smiles"?
IS THE PARALLAX OF THE VEGA EQUALS 128.93
For what pharmaceutical product is niacin the active ingredient?
Which is the island nation for the country of pound sterling?
Was 201 the total number of valid votes cast n the 2015 Catalan regional election in Malla?
Are the German Aerospace Center and the NASA Astrobiology Institute subidiaries of NASA?
Is the fiscal/tax revenue of Manabo under 44305723.128?
when did zhejiang became a ming dynasty?
What are the  freeway network which start with the letter s
Which river has the most throughput?
What position does David Lloyd George hold?
What was Billy Wilder nominated for at the 39th Academy Awards?
Which is the edition or translation of Internet Protocol version 6?
What is the locomotive class with the most stroke whose operator is Lancashire, Derbyshire and East Coast Railway?
who is video game publisher of safety classification and labelling of β-lactose ?
Which is the TheFinalBall player ID of Cristiano Ronaldo?
Who is {subject} of {inventor or discoverer} of {Bogdanov-Takens bifurcation} ?
What vein is connected to the small intestine?
What is on focus list on Wikimedia project for arch?
How many out of school children are there in Scotland?
Which county in Norway shares a border with Oslo
Which is the College Football HoF ID for Red Grange?
Was William McKinley educated at the Allegheny College and the New York Law School?
Who is Aisha's sibling?
which method starts with w
What is endemic to kangaroo ?
What is the alphabet of Furutachi based upon?
What is at the grave of the son of Sancha of Castile, Queen of Navarre?
Which lake has the largest length?
Which is the NNDB people ID for Orson Welles?
When did Lublin cease to be a Kingdom of Poland?
When did Peyton Manning play for the Tennessee Volunteers Football
Is the service life of the Gran Turismo 5 Prologue equal to 10?
What is the maximum peak exposure limit of carbon tetrachloride?
Which is the PremiershipRugby.com ID of Jonny Wilkinson?
Where in New York was Sofia Coppola born?
Which is the position that applies to jurisdiction of Weimar Republic?
Where was Niels Bohr educated at, and who was his doctoral advisor?
who principal place of state of loreng ?
Who is the musical score by in It Happened One Night that states someone's middle name is Howard?
Is the number of injured in the Newhall massacre less than 0.8?
What is follows of city that has criterion used for human population?
who pharmaceutical product for has active ingredient of amoxicillin?
Did {Bible} {has edition} of {Wycliffe's Bible} and {LDS edition of the Bible} ?
What workplace compiled Historia Coelestis Britannica?
Did Chevy Chase receive an Emmy at the 61st Primetime Emmy Awards
Who are the {pupils} of the {songwriter} of {Für Elise}?
What is a religious order of knight ?
TELL ME CEREMONY WHICH START WITH THE LETTER U.
Which part of Adélie Land has a the second-level administrative country subdivision?
What is the sex of Barbie and who is her partner?
What is Chisinau's sister town?
Which is the HATVP person ID of Jean-Marie Le Pen?
Who are the daughters of Peter Gabriel that were born in Bath?
What Wikimedia article lists the monuments of Bern?
Where did Diane Sawyer study ZIP+4?
Who are Sean Connery's wife and child?
Who is the contestant of Carl Gottlieb's work?
What is guest of honor for Arturo Toscanini ?
What is the symbol of quantity of a square kilometer?
Which is the OKP ID of the good or service of white chocolate?
Who is the leader of the honor of the Colour of My Love?
What whistleblowing platform did Julian Assange create?
What is headstone picture of songwriter of Winterreise ?
What is social media account on publishing house of Puyo Puyo Fever 2 ?
Air India operates which aircraft model ?
Who wrote Forrest Gump ?
Was Carlos Slim the owner of Torre Latinoamericana and Claro?
Is the number of eligible voters in the Catalan regional election 2015 in Sobremunt equal to 69?
Which is the chemical formula for cephalexin anhydrous?
Which is the cuisine of Surimi?
Does the 22 mm gun M1931/37 have a field of view that is equal to 46.4?
What is the TED speaker ID of Malcolm McLaren?
Where is the stomach located anatomicaly
Is the albedo of the 7384 1981 TJ .035?
when was the total fertility rate of Bahrain estimated?
WHO PLAYED THE SUCCESSOR OF CALL OF THE WILD?
Which trophies has Tom Hollander won?
Is the explosive velocity of 1,3,5-trinitrobenzene equal to 7450?
What is Squash Info ID for Jahangir Khan?
When was William Henry Harrison President of the United States?
Is the synodic period of Pluto equal to 366.73?
Does Montreal have a twinned administrative body of Los Angeles and Bucharest?
what is instruction set architecture that starts with x
What was John Mills nominated for in recognition of his work on Ryan's Daughter?
Which bridge is upstream of the London bridge
Is the elongation at the break of the AKROLOY PARA ICF 40 equal to 1?
Are John F. Kennedy and Eunice Kennedy Shriver sibling to Ted Kennedy?
What is the Wikipedia article for natural numbers?
Which is the start point of Taoyuan City?
What influenced Georges Bataille that studied at Eberhard-Ludwigs Gymnasium?
Tell me race horse whose name has the word tikkanen in it
What is the deathplace of Natalia Molchanova with a government headed by Jaume Ferrer Ribas?
What is the plain mode's NeuroNames ID for brain stem?
What is the birth place of Claude Adrien Halrtius, that aslo has villages, and is 7th arrondissement of Paris?
What is the unit conversion of the measured by Young's modulus?
What is the significance of November 28 in the Eastern Orthodox liturgical calendar?
What is the art genre that starts with the letter o?
How many captains are there for the Montreal Canadiens?
Name the flattest inferior planet rotating the Sun.
Wich means  {SpectraBase Compound ID} at{ethanol} ?
What is the place of incorporation of the developers of the Nintendo Switch?
What woodcut print is depicted by the Tower of Babel?
What is the Class II combustible liquid with the highest median lethal concentration whose has effect is allyl glycidyl ether exposure?
Which departments of the United Nations are directed by the UN Secretary-General?
What are thebig city which start with the letter i
What is the address of the Chrysler Building in New York City?
Is it true that the Fibonacci Sequence is named after Fibonacci?
Who is {habitat} of {taxon parent} of {Lagopus persicus} ?
What was the previous favorite player of constructivism
who taxonomic rank of higher taxon of treeswift ?
When did Rostack become a part of the German Democratic Republic?
What is the CSFD person ID of Leonid Gaidai?
Which straight six cylinder diesel electric engine has the largest bore?
What type of electrification is direct current?
What New Line Cinema film trilogy had the largest box office?
What are the revolution which start with the letter r
When Boa Vista started as head of government at Teresa Surita?
How many people practice tennis?
What county seat does Josef Neumayer hold in the Austrian national government
What is the unemployment rate at the Misiones Province Indian reservation?
What is the end of time for Han Dynasty has a capital as Chang'an?
What is the most important medicine used in treating inflammation?
How many times has Magnus Carlsen recieved the World Chess Champion award?
What is the award received and the nominated for of Gloria_Estefan ?
Who does Kristin Davis portray on the HBO series, 'Sex and the City'?
What is the TasteAtlas id for sushi?
What city is both the death location of Carlos Gardel and the twin city of Cali?
What family relationship is parent?
What is both located in or next to a body of water and located in the administrative territorial entity of Sydney?
When was Countess Isabel of Gloucester the wife of John of England?
B. B. King died from a stroke in his brain.
What is the LibraryThing work ID of Ajax?
Who is the daughter in the musical The Beat That My Heart Skipped
What are the Avion which start with the letter washington
Can you tell distributor of BP?
Which sister city of Burlington has a county seat held by Yaroslavl Oblast?
When did Astrid Lindgren receive an award as Zilveren Griffel?
WHICH IS THE ROCK BAND THAT STARTS WITH Y
When will Paul-Henri Spaak no longer be the secretary general of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization?
Who are the sons and daughters of Athena?
Is Diplo a participant with Skrillex and Sanjoy?
What low electronegativity gas did Andre-Marie Ampere discover?
Who is employing Lockheed Martin ?
which chemical compound has the highest kinematic viscosity?
What villages has Dorian Leigh worked?
Mention the opposite quantum element of elementary particle.
What is the total fertility rate for operators of the Cessna 172 Skyhawk?
Is the number of victims of killer Francis Heaulme equal 9?
Which second language did Paul van Dyk study?
How many studies are for atomic nucleus?
What is the Glucan with the highest minimum explosive concentration whose has part is hydrogen?
Which is the consumer price index inflation rate of the county seat of Yamoussoukro?
What is the catalog  of traditional Chinese characters for writing system
What is BFI-Filmography ID for Sven Nykvist?
What actor from The Truman Show was educated at the Peabody Institute?
what killed john lennon?
What advisor was musical score Piano Sonata No.3 by?
What preceded London Calling in the same literary genre of folk punk?
Which is the {hair color} and the {eye color} of {Hilary_Swank} ?
Who gave the{citation} of {is shown in} of {Beardsley} ?
What disputed territory starts with the letter "t"?
Tell me the academic college library with the largest collection.
Which is the species kept of Chanos chanos?
Which is the Japanese military aircraft designation of DC-3?
Is the clearance of the Little Belt Bridge greater than 35.2?
What comes before and is developed by MultiMediaCard?
Which is the epithet which is said to be the same as Apollo?
Which year did Jack Ma graduate college?
Which is the BALaT image ID of clergy?
When did Umberto I of Italy replace Victor Emmanuel II of Savoy?
When does the new season of Saturday Night Live start?
Who are the participants in the Battle of Greece, which is a member of the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons?
When did Tim Duncan receive the John R. Wooden Award?
"Which is {border} of {Sichuan}, whose {partner town} is {Suceava} ?"
What time zone is the same as Macau?
Is the total services of the United States of America equal to 3.47533162784e+11?
who zenith of borders of east java?
What is the part of the constellation HD 76700 that has a moon?
Where is the birth place of Frank Capra?
What was Katharine Hepburn nominated for, for her work in On Golden Pond?
What is ASI Monument ID of Red Fort?
How many commanders does Erich von Manstein have?
Who discovered Malaria?
TELL ME THE SEAT OF LEIDEN UNIVERSITY MEMBER?
Which are the units sold for PlayStation 2?
What WWII weapon had the greatest range?
Which is the government of the executive body of Beijing?
What was the street number of Rue d'Antin where the exhibition of Les Demoiselles d'Avignon took place?
how many cultures does enil have?
What aircraft hijacking caused the War on Terror?
What is the tributary of Mindanao's body of water?
Tell me the sports team which contains the word world in it's name?
What linked jurisdiction is adjacent to the Council of the North?
What country was Francis Crick born in?
Who {county seat of} {Musa al-Kadhim} {died} ?
Who is the advisor of the architecture firm of Duey and Julia Wright House?
When did Jerome Bruner receive an APA Award for Distinguished Scientific Contributions to Psychology?
L-phenylalanine is encoded by?
what is first-order metaclass contains the word type in their name
Was Rajneesh a leader, artist, and guru?
What is the standard time zone for Zaporizhzhya Oblast?
Which is the location of first performance of La traviata?
which binary relation starts with the letter s
Which is the rotation period for Crab Pulsar?
Is transgender the opposite of cisgender?
Does the vilkhivchik area equal to 0?
What is in the category of Onyanko Club?
When Otto von Bismarck ended as Bundeskanzler (Norddeutscher Bund) ?
Investigation of explosion characteristics of coal dust was undertaken as a part of regular research program at CSIR-CBRI,
Roorkee, India, for designing explosion safety measures for coal dust handling installations. Potential explosion hazard of
coal dust cloud is characterized by maximum explosion pressure, maximum rate of pressure rise and explosibility index.
Study aimed at review and analysis of existing data on explosion parameters of coals and creating new sufficient quantitative
explosibility data for safe design and operation of plants handling some specific selected coals. Various aspects covered are:
What science studies genetic diseases?
What is seat of Mitsubishi UFJ Financial group, that has local government areas is Yonbancho?
Is polyvinyl chloride safe?
Which Netherlands municipality has the highest employment by economic sector?
Was Lewis Hamilton a member of the sports team Minardi?
Who is the admin HQ of the movie studio for Dinner for Schmucks?
What is Stuttgart Database of Scientific Illustrators ID for Marie Tharp?
What is the artistic genre for continuity in World of Warcraft: Mists of Pandaria?
who label in official language of characters of odyssey ?
How high is the market capitalisation of the company Paypal ?
What s Lorenz Hart's ISCO profession code?
What country is Belfast located in, and when was the city founded?
How many times was Austria-Hungary dissolved, abolished or demolished ?
DOES THE FLASH POINT OF THE METHANOL EQUALS 52
What is the pronunciation audio of the administrative centre of Joseon ?
What are the currency  which start with the letter yen
Is Frank Zappa the father of both Moon and Ahmet Zappa?
does the topaz mohs' hardness equal to 8?
Who is the writer of A Brief History of Time by the professor of Dennis W.Sciama?
For what work did W.H. Auden receive the Pulitzer Prize for Poetry?
Where does the crocodile rank in the taxon of Crocodylinae?
What is the poet ID given by Les Voix de la poésie to Alphonse Daudet?
Which is the asteroid spectral type for 10 Hygiea?
What is ICCF ID for Magnus Carlsen ?
When did Yul Brynner receive the Special Tony Award?
What logarithmic scaled measures energy?
Which is the Linguist list code of Esperanto?
who is favorite player of doctoral supervisor of Darius Lakdawalla ?
Which is the antonym of the participation event for a girl?
What is the area of responsibility for the NPR, that has a time of UTC -07:00?
What religion do the children of Mahisente Habte Mariam follow?
Who is Meghan, Duchess of Sussex, ex-husband?
Tell me the characters in the version of Božanska komedija (Debevec).
which  USDA NDB number of hot dog ?
Is it true that the standard molar entropy of germanium equals to 37.32?
whats the route of administration for lead poisoning?
Tell me the sports team Giuseppe Meazza plays for and when he began with them.
Does the speed limit of the Brocken Railway equal 40?
Who are the inhabitants that originate from the Big Bang?
who is cousin for motif of Portrait of Adele Bloch-Bauer I ?
What administrative territorial entity of Kenya starts with the letter "n"?
What are the group or class of chemical substances which start with the letter v
What airlines use the Airbus A340?
What is the subsidiary company working for Leonard Maltin?
What are the historic county of England which start with the letter yorkshire
Which is the Familypedia person ID for Clement Attlee?
Which business is Ford Motor Company in?
Who was replaced by Cnut the Great as the monarch of Norway?
Does the Milky Way include Messier 47 and NGC 4833?
Is the personal best of Walter Steiner equal to 179?
What is the operator and manufacturer of Boeing B-52 Stratofortress?
Is the age of majority in Ireland equal to 21.6?
What sport does the chairwoman of the Athletic Club play?
What species of animal is Dinny, the Brontosaur, who is kept at the Calgary Zoo?
Who are the illustrator and author of The Hobbit?
Which {chemical element} has {MIN(time-weighted average exposure limit)} whose {subclass of} is {group 13} ?
What is published in journal of bibliographic citation of Using accelerometers to measure physical activity in large-scale epidemiological studies: issues and challenges. ?
Which division is the subsidiary of MTV?
Who is the patron saint of Wales?
When did the Cossack Hetmanate cease being a vassal of the Ottoman Empire?
Was cryptocurrency based on blockchain and/or online music store?
What is the e-archiv.li ID of Benito Mussolini?
What is the hereditary position of the Head of State Office  of Japan Empire
what is the operation for the anatomical location problem of the ear ?
What products does Coca-Cola produce?
Who did Ingmar Bergman marry and when did the marriage end?
How many narrative locations are for the Os Lusíadas} ?
Which unit of measurement measures density as a physical quality?
What are the ionizing radiation which start with the letter n
What is in the category of Mad Max?
Which is the Genius artist ID for Keith Urban?
Which terrorist attack in France resulted in the highest number of injuries?
What kinds of symptoms does aspirin treat?
Which state of Mexico that contains the word zacatecas in their name
How many directors are there for Americal Idol?
Which is the HSDB ID for ethanol?
Who did the author cite in the book Behavioral and neural correlates of delay of gratification 40 years later?
Who is the wife of Hank Azaria and where did they get married?
Who is Daimier AG's owner and what is its subsidiary?
Is the state of Austria the capital of the Austrian Empire?
Does Indonesias compulsory education (maximum age) equal to 18.0?
Which is the Dagens Nyheter topic ID for British Airways?
Who  is the burial place of Nebettawy ?
what is the musical composer id of bedrish smetana
Which house has the most floors above ground?
What is the central bank that issues the Russian ruble?
WHICH IS THE FUNICULAR WITH THE MAXIMUM AERAGE GRADIENT
In what field did Niklaus Wirth get a Master of Science degree?
Kim Stanley received a prize for being nominated.
Which is the powerplant for F-35 Lightning II?
Who are the owners of original air channel of CCTV spring Festival gala 1998?
What number President of Indonesia was Megawati Sukarnoputri?
Is Keith Richards and Rock and jazz musician?
What is NNL ID for Pride and Prejudice?
Who is the discoverer or inventor of Hypertext Transfer Protocol?
Who developed Need for Speed?
David Grossman together with Jessica Cohen won which award?
When was Horatio Nelson built?
Who are the {characters} in {Exodus}, the has a {brother or sister} named {Nadabe}?
Is the fatality rate of Fournier gangrene less than 15.36?
Tell me {house cat} whose name  starts with m
What area of mathematics does Claude Shannon specialize in?
What address can you access YouTube from?
What is  in the postsynaptic connection of rod cell ?
Is the ceiling exposure limit of hydrazine equal to 0.04?
What is the motif of chancellor Armand Marrast, that has Bal du moulin de la Galette?
Where are the archives of Vietnam located?
What is a contestant in the work of Walter Blakely?
Is Japanese spoken in Taiwan and South Korea?
Is the number of players in region of the rugby league in Serbia equal to 1800.0?
Is the galactic longitude of the Orion Nebula equal to 209.010797
Which is the business that is the publisher of The Economist?
Which is the tributary for Tennesse River?
Which imperative programming language did Dennis M. Ritchie design?
What is the queen of the land} of Bahia Toco Largo Lake ?
Which are the people that participate in the religion of Islam?
Who is the {historic county of England} for {shares border with} of {Hampshire}
Bronislaw Malinowski used what drug as his method of murder?
who version, edition, or translation for edition or translation  of Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Sea?
What time zone did the San Francisco Chronicle originate in?
What did Alexander Grothendieck prove?
What education is composed by Papillons ?
What is {portrayed by} {track listing} of {Invasion of Privacy} ?
Which is the state or insular area capital in the United States with the highest point of Crown Hill Cemetery and contains the word indianapolis in it's name?
Does the elevation above sea level of the Jericho equals -220.0?
Whose professional harpsichordist's namesake was the Goldberg Variations named after?
Tell me the border that contains the word line in their name
Name the most-produced rolling stock class operated by the New York City Subway ?
Is the Yukon Quest 2016's size of team at finish  greater than 4.8?
What language has the regulatory body in the Office québécois de la langue française and is spoken by Manuel Castells?
How do you pronounce Georges Pompidous name? It's French.
Which is the railway tunnel with terminus Erstfeld and contains the word base in it's name?
What legislative body is the regional organization of European parliament?
George Washington Bridge has what UglyBridges.com ID
What is the Fedora package for Ruby?
What is the population of Móstoles that is estimated by the census office?
What is designed to carry the automobile?
What is medical condition of Human Pregnancy ?
Where did George Wallace obtain his Bachelor of Laws degree?
What is Carlos Menem's Argentine Senate member ID?
Who is {work partner} of {scriptwriter} {Member Berries} ?
which type of anime television series starts with y
What stars are closest to Neptune?
What is the military casualty classification of prisoner of war?
Is it true that the moisture absorption of Grivory GM-4H equals to 1.68?
At what point in time did B.F Skinner receive the E.L. Thorndike Award?
What is the death place of Lavrentiy Beria and is the twin town of Tehran?
What member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences is coined of calcium?
What is the United states of America's lowest atmospheric pressure Hurricane?
Why was Isaac sacrificed?
What is in the category of Wisława Szymborska?
Which is the poster that depicts Barack Obama?
Which text does the Book of Genesis originate?
What is bipedalism's means of locomotion?
Name the file system developed by Theodore Ts'o with the least cardinality ?
When did Akita start in twinned administrative body at St. Cloud
What are the {has states} of {sovereign state} of {Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the People's Republic of China}?
Which ester has the highest flash point?
Who is speaker of Nicolas Sarkozy?
What was the method of murder of Oscar Wilde, who had a medical specialty in neurology?
Where is Japan Railways Group, the place of incorporation that has the prime minister Yuriko Koike?
Which is the CODEN for the Journal of the American Chemical Society?
Which is the WSJ topic ID for Al Sharpton?
Are the points awarded int he 2018 AFL Women's season equal to 4?
Where next to Idaho was Herbert Jasper born ?
Which is the semi-major axis for Neptune?
Did Olivia de Havilland receive the award Volpi Cup for Best Actress and the 2008 Grammy Awards?
What is the mausoleum of Sun Yat-sen
Which is the official language for Republic of Adygea?
Who is the son of the parent of Myat Phaya?
What time of animation is Looney Tunes?
Who is {role model} of {subject in} {biography of Friedrich Nietzsche} ?
Is the maximum viable temperature of the Pseudomonas putida KT2440 equal to 55?
Which is the TMDb person ID for Nick Offerman?
What is notable about the woman depicted in Le Déjeuner sur l'herbe?
WHAT IS THE ZIPCODE OF ALUMNUS OF HOBEY BAKER
Who is the attributed creator for Auschwits Album?
Who is the co-creator of the 1925 monte carlo rally?
When did Mike Nichols marry Diane Sawyer?
According to Wikipedia, what is the reserve currency with the lowest price?
which procedural programming language contains the word visual in their name
Is Keira Knightley's given name Keira?
What is the aircraft in fleet of the user of T-54/55?
What does Toyota manufacture?
Tell me biblical episode whose name has the word woman in it.
What award did Joseph Lister, 1st Baron of Lister win?
What is the  musical composition for composer of  Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky
What position is held by the head of state of Ottoman Empire?
What is the position of political office held by a member of Augustus' family?
What does a joule measure?
Which is the distance from Earth for Messier 81?
what is the end time for Titian has a work location as Augsburg ?
Where in the Duchy of Bavaria was Hans Holbein born?
Name a biblical character  in the book of Isaiah that contains the word " leviathan" in its name
When Jimmy Cliff was awarded Grammy Award for Best Reggae Album?
Tell me the religious concept that facet of Hinduism and which that starts with the letter  y
How many deaths are caused by thunderstorms?
Whose father of Prince Aly Khan ?
What is the present in work and the said to be the same as of John_the_Baptist ?
Are there 36.0 prisoners in Azkaban?
What is route map of Milan Metro?
When is the football event starts in July?
Was the work of Victor Hugo influenced by Plato and Miguel de Cervantes?
What is Vietnam of Japan-Vietnam relations of statement is subject odf diplomatic relation?
Does Alexei Kudashov have more than 0.0 total assists in his career?
Which is the final sport of Australian rules football?
Is the employment by economic sector of Amsterdam less than 152?
Which academic major was educated by Norman Foster at the Yale School of Architecture?
What political scandal involved Hillary Clinton where she has to defend herself?
Hiram Johnson was what number of Governor of California?
Name the chemical compound with the lowest standard molar entropy whose safety classification and labeling is Regulation EC No. 1272/2008.
Which is the short-track speed skater ISU ID for Bonnie Blair?
What drug's dosage is largely carbon?
Who is the {dominion of the British Empire} for {history of topic} of {history of Australia}
Tell me syllable whose name has the word sen in it.
Did Jesse James have Frank James and Archie Samuel as siblings?
Is it true that the width of the Jochenstein is equal to 0.015?
What is the occurence of hepatitis C?
Which quantum particle that decays to an electron has the lowest decay width ?
When did Reese Witherspoon receive the British Academy of Film and Television Arts award?
Who is the writer of Cloud Atlas that has a last name of Mitchell?
Which is the Google Maps CID for Empire State Building?
"What is the capital of Pallava that has the administrative unit in the Kanchipuram district?"
What is GNIS Antarctica ID for Antarctica ?
What is the sister city of the birthplace of Nikita Telenkov?
Who is the son of Charles Lucien Bonaparte's wife?
Tell me peace treaty whose name has the word treaty in it.
What tis the Gedbas genealogy ID of Albert Einstein?
Which is the office held by head of Government that is Quintana Roo?
What is French Olympic Committee ID for Nikola Karabatić?
What person has the highest score?
Who is the husband of the choreographer of Slaughter on Tenth Avenue?
Who replaced Baibars as the Sultan of Egypt?
What diplomatic effect on the land did the 1948 Czechoslovak coup d'état cause?
Which is the Lega Pallavolo Serie A player ID of Giba?
Alexander Pushkin is a member of which literary society?
What is the Kemler code of ethanol?
Who is the party chair for the position of Xi Jinping?
how many authors have there been for the new testament?
What is Waseda's University's Revised Hepburn romantization?
What ethnic group is Karl Weierstraß?
When did Tuscany become the capitol of Florence?
Who is the actor in the series The Two Mrs. Sheffields?
Which is TheTVDB.com ID for The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air?
What city in Ukraine starts with the letter "v"?
Which territory was claimed by Taiwan?
Which is the medical specialty of the murder method of Paul Kruger?
Which is Drouot artist ID for René Magritte?
Is the width of Bullenkuhle less than 0.018?
When did Iraq become a member of the International Development Association?
The piper nigrum is part of which taxon?
is jaws the ID of BFI Films,Tv and peopl?
Which {film starring} {succeeds to} {In the Mood for Love} ?
What position was held by George VI and when did he begin in that position?
Is the global warming potential of the norflurane equal to 1430?
What are the positional notation which start with the letter v
"Who is {chef-lieu} of {Shashanka}, whicg has {chef-lieu of} is {Nawabs of Bengal and Murshidabad} ?"
What is pedophilia?
Tell me binary operation whose name has the word union in it.
When did John Stuart, 3rd Earl of Bute begin serving as Secretary of State for the Northern Department?
Which is the MYmovies name ID of Dino De Laurentiis?
How many brands are there for Procter & Gamble?
What is the type of taxon parent of Felidae?
What kind of music was in The Hobbit?
What is United States Reports ID for Brown v. Board of Education ?
What is the citrate anion for the acidity of citric acid?
What is the business division of Aeroflot.
Name the Velká pardubická sponsored by Česká pojišťovna with the longest race time ?
What is named after Alexander Hamilton?
how many treated medical conditions are for acetic acid?
What time zone is Antarctica/Macquarie?
What is the KMRB film rating of The Dark Knight?
What is the tributary of the lake next to Honshu?
For what work Robert Altman has nominated for Academy award for best director?
Who is the mother and child of Amitabh Bachchan?
Based on sourcing circumstances, when is Lysippos' birthday?
What is BVMC id of Málaga?
tell  me province of China that capital Chengdu  starts with letter s
Tell me the road bridge that contains the word 'bridge' in its name and that is designed by Joseph Strauss
Name an international football competition  that starts in November and contains the word "cup" in its name
What is the game artist for Naoto Ohshima?
On which series of Appetite for Destruction is Paradise City?
DOES THE PRESSURE OF THE MARK 91 LESS THAN 2206.4
What is  in the GLAM Identifier of Kunsthaus Zürich ?
What number of households did a census, as a determination method, find in Tifariti?
The Annals of Mathematics is in what Dialnet journal?
Which is the aircraft fleet used by a helicopter?
Wich means{theme music }in {Boléro} ?
What are the major works of Marin Alsop's supervisor?
What are the people which start with the letter w
What films have been shot in Yokohama?
what is the total fertility rate of the county seat of Moroni?
Who is the {mother} of {Antonio Vivaldi}?
Is the total liability of the Humana equal to 14711000000 ?
When did member of sports team of Christine Sinclair and number of matches played?
How many interactions does an antiproton have ?
Which is the beam bridge that was created by Frank Gehry?
What is Julius Wellhausen's Marburger Professorenkatalog ID?
Which is Monte Carlo Particle Number for antiproton?
Which is the SwimSwam ID of Michael Phelps?
What is the capital of England?
Which is the Database of Classical Scholars ID for George Bancroft?
Which is the magazine that has Jann Wenner as an editor and starts with the letter r?
Is the median income of the United Kingdom less than 25293.6?
Who is the person that is a political party member of Indian National Congress?
What college did Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn go to?
Is the case fatality rate of Fournier gangrene fewer than 9.0?
Is the prevalance of tuberculosis equal to 0.00078?
Since when has Joseph Lyons been a member of the Australian House of Representatives?
What is the waterfall for Lewis and Clark Expedition?
Tell me newspaper whose name has the word şalom in it.
Who are the sons of Alphonse Mucha, who is the daughter of Marie Chytilová?
When did J.K. Rowling receive the Andre Norton Award?
What astronaut mission did Gordon Cooper use the Gemini spacecraft for?
What is DPLA subject ID for horse ?
What skyscraper did architect Zaha Hadid design?
Is the clock speed of GP32 equal to 106.4?
What nomination for prizewinner Lester B. Pearson was received of D.T. Suzuki?
Steward Brand is a board member of what?
What business does CBS participate in and what materials do they produce?
Which is the QUDT unit ID of henry?
who aircraft hijacking for immediate cause of War on Terror?
Is the total produced by Tupolev ANT-1 equal to 1.2?
Which subatomic particle has the highest g-factor?
When was John F. Kennedy the United States representative?
What is the position held by Mariano Rajoy who was elected in Spanish general election, 2016?
Is the partition coefficient water/octanol of acetic acid equal to -0.17?
What's buried at Jean Pierre Boyer's on the street?
What is the script of the language that Hans Kelsen speaks?
How are Sophia of Hanover and Elizabeth Charlotte, Princess Palatine related?
What is the least amount of time the MMR vaccination incubates in people to target disease?
What natural language has been influenced by English?
Which is the Chamber of Deputies of Italy storia ID of Giuseppe Garibaldi?
Which is the US National Archives Identifier for scouts?
Which is the BoxRec ID for Mickey Rourke?
Who is employed at Georgetown University?
what is summit  located on astronological body of reykholt
What is the taxon common name of hoatzin?
Air Asia was played by who and used what in it?
Which is the enclosure of the dome?
Which is the church building for religion of the United Methodist Church?
Tell me the association football sport FA Cup Final with the lowest attendance.
When did Septimius Severus's reign as Roman Emperor end?
What are the image compression which start with the letter g
At which point in time, Pat Summit has received the USBWA award?
What animated film did Ellen DeGeneres do voice acting?
When did William Henry Bragg receive a Rumford Medal?
Which is the measured physical quantity of siemens?
What software uses Hebrew language?
Tell me hole whose name has the word depletion in it.
What is located in the administrative territorial entity and capital of Lagos?
Which is the battle that participated the Soviet Union?
What are the philosophical concept which start with the letter übermensch
Richard Dawkins is influenced by which generalization?
How many manufacturers make the Xbox 360?
Why did the lyricist split from the Fatal Illusion?
Who developed Nintendo?
Which are the Bantu languages which start with letter z?
who  is the discoverer or inventor of quicksort?
What is {established by} {political office} of {Thomas de Lisle} ?
Who was Francisco Goya's student?
Did the twinned administrative body consist of Vancouver, Edinburgh, and Coevorden?
Is the{compression ratio} on {Fiat A.22} {equals} {4.4}
who Wikimedia duplicated page for said to be the same as of Nintendo Entertainment System?
Is 1 the lower limit of the set of positive integers?
What year was the final product of DC-8 made?
Who is {born on} {daddy} of {Shah Jahan} ?
What was the profession of St Thomas Aquinas?
Which cluster has the most metallic content?
Which is the Golden Globe Award for the award received by Mary Tyler Moore?
which is the {statement is subject of} for {Stanley Kubrick} that has {nominated for} as {Academy Award for Best Writing, Original Screenplay} ?
What was Wally Pfister of the The Dark Knight nominated for?
Sarah Silverman stars in which animated film?
What are the part of speech which start with the letter verb
Which is the {member of political party} where {member of} of {James_Monroe} ?
Tell me ceremonial county of England whose name has the word yorkshire in it.
Which is the voltage for Jersey?
What film was directed by photographer Laszlo Kovacs and starts with the letter G.
Who gave the {is son of} of {sister or brother} of {Stephen Báthory} ?
Is the wingspan of the Airbus A300 measure 44.84?
Where is the location of work by Yayoi Kusama that also has counties in Shinjuku-ku?
What is the statue of David?
What are thecountry within the United Kingdom which start with the letter s
What is the artistic genre of the portrait The Deer Park?
Is Body mass index calculated from human body weight?
What is the distributed revision control system of SQL?
who country for head of government of mauricio macri?
What is the position held by Winnie Madikizela-Mandela at 26th South African Parliament?
Which is the Bashkir encyclopedia ID of Bashkir version for Chinghiz Aitmatov?
WHAT IS THE CABLE STAYED BRIDGE THT STARTS WITH Y
Who is the video game publisher of Hex whose shareholder is Hasbro, Inc.?
Which is the provisional designation of 90377 Sedna?
What is the name of the series from which Alvar Aalto exists?
What takes place in and what are the reasons for failure of Yan?
Who is married to Lyudmila Gurchenko, whose party is Communist Party of the Soviet Union?
When was Rita Moreno inducted into the California Hall of Fame?
Another term for Aphex Twin is Rikardo.
Name a character in The Da Vinci Code
What is Michael Schumacher's job title and when did he start?
What degree did Mario Vargas receive at the Leoncio Prado Military Academy?
Which is the People Australia ID of Maureen O'Hara?
What diplomatic ties exist between China and Eritrea?
n/a
What was composed by Giselle that had his father as Louis Adam?
What is the Corago opera ID for Tosca?
Name a decay mode working with  gamma ray that contain the word " beta" in its name
What are the belligerents of competes in Liu Xiang?
Which is adapted by Andrei Tarkovsky?
Who is affiliated with Harvard University?
What is original film format for Ultra-high-definition television ?
Which Olympic games has Lance Armstrong participated in?
Which is the flood that the rain has effect in?
What is Jean le Rond D'Alembert's Royal Swedish Academy of Letters member ID?
When did David Beckham receive the PFA Team of the Year award?
Which is {in action} {passed by} {Residence Act} ?
Where did Nancy Pelosi major in political science ?
Name a MediaWiki website located in Amsterdam that contains the word "wikipedia" in its name
What is the length and cause of human fertilizaiton?
What is the catalog for "A Love Supreme?"
What are the newspaper which start with the letter s
What replaced the culture of Old English?
What was the start time of Michael Schumacher from the country Luxembourg?
What is Jerry O'Connel's birth location where John Lindsay is the mayor?
Which is the SELIBR ID for Max Linder?
Name the reservoir with the lowest hydraulic head whose tributary is ERROR1.
How many school children were in the neighborhood of the Arab Spring?
When was Benito Juárez elected as President of Mexico?
Which sect of Christianity belongs to the Eastern Orthodox Church
What did Grigori Perelman solve?
Which applies to part of mitochondrial DNA?
What is the biography of Donald Trump
Which is the {religion} and the {sex or gender} of {Emma_Stone} ?
What time does Mercel Proust have his funeral?
is it true that the flux of the leo cluster is greater than 6.512e-11
Which fictional empire was present in Star Wars Episode V: The Empire Strikes Back?
Which one of Bai Chongxi's children, wrote Taipei People?
When did member of sports team of Just Fontaine and number of points/goals/set scored?
Which is the Wikimedia username for John Cena?
When did Lombardy become known as the Kingdom of Italy?
Who is the president of the company that Karen Czarnecki works for?
Tell me noble family whose name has the word usenberger in it.
When did Toots Thielemans receive the award octave d'honneur?
How is the founder of the protoplanetary disk?
What is an archaeological site located in Bodrum with the word "mausoleum" in its name?
What is the field of study and architectural style of Ramos de Azevedo?
What's the programming paradigm of the MXE language?
When did Dimitri Mendeleiv receive the Faraday Lectureship Prize?
When did Plzeň receive the European Capital of Culture award?
Is Janet Jackson, the performer, single?
What city in New York was Martin Balsam born in?
Who is the {shareholder} of {CRRC} which is a {New York Stock Exchange}?
Is Kurt Cobain a member of Nirvana?
What is next to Missouri and divides into Calloway County?
Which the is composition of The Blue Lotus
Which is the image of grave of Jean-Pierre Melville?
The Indianapolis 500 is held at which race track?
Did Muawiyah I die before 1584?
Is the cash back of Amazon.de VISA Card equal to 0.4?
When did Nauru become a member of the Asian Development Bank?
What is the name of this isolated human group that contain the word "wenrohronon" in their name ?
In which country is Dutch the official language?
What was Alexandre Desplat nominated for Argo?
Name an instruction set architecture designed by Intel and that contains the word "x86" in its name
What nationality is Mirza Ghazib, who is from the continent of Asia?
Who is the winner for High Noon who was awarded as Academy Award for Best Film Editing?
Which is the school of Mahendra Singh Dhoni?
What is the capital of the Achaemenid Empire?
What democratic republic country had the Watergate scandal?
When did the film "Metropolis" go into the Public Domain in the United States?
Which is the Sratim ID for Breakfast at Tiffany's?
Where does Ivan Turgenev currently reside?
What year did Eduardo Chillida receive the Princess of Asturias Award for the Arts?
When did Antioch on the Orontes become referred to as Antakya?
How do you say culinary mustard in Dutch?
Was David Attenborough given name Frederick?
What significant event happened when Anna Wintour was experiencing childbirth?
Who got replaced by Ayman al-Zawahiri?
what is the heavy equipment that starts with t
What position did Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis replace Mamie Eisenhower?
When did Nobuaki Kurumatani become  chief executive officer at Toshiba?
What is the median lethal does of fentanyl for a laboratory rat?
What is studies of coined for periodic table ?
Who commissioned the Taj Mehal
What title did Guy of Lusignan hold, and who followed him ?
What degree did Walter Benjamin earn at University of Bern?
What is the IWRP athlete ID for Hossein Rezazadeh?
What duties does Valerian Agafonoff perform?
IS THE CALIBER OF THE M1939 GREATER THAN 44.4
When was Ernesto Zedillo awarded the Wilbur Cross Medal?
"How is {formation} of {James Longstreet}, which has {parent company of} is {United States Department of the Army} ?"
What are the {province of China which starts with letters z
What is  the higher taxon of resident animal species of Hellabrunn Zoo ?
Which is the archive for the architectural style of Bauhaus?
When did Antoine Laurent Lavoisier cease to be a citizen of the French Republic?
When was the peseta replaced by the euro?
What state does Mobutu Sese Seko proside over
For what work was Julie Christie nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actress ?
Which is the film genre of the series of Unmasked?
When did Mulhouse stop being located in the administrative territorial entity of Upper Alsace?
What is the Salzburg airport named after?
Were The Beatles influenced by Timothy Leary?
When did Leonard Cohen receive the Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award?
Which is the name of Ruth Benedict?
What is the place of death of Endre Ady, which is the twin city of Daejeon?
Is the nominal GDP of Belize less than 1470400000?
What language did the Ancient Greek's speak?
Which museum tugboat has the most net tonnage ?
Where is {border} of {birth location} of {Asia Argento} ?
which is executioner of lyracist of In My Life ?
Tell me the media player with a license of proprietary license and starts with the letter w?
What player ID is given to George Weah by L'Équipe?
What town in Woodward County is birthplace to Reba McEntire?
What is Action Comics' online books page publication ID?
Which is the deepest point for Mekong River?
What is not the same as the globe, whose time zone is Mountain Time Zone?
What would be the twin city of the subtopic of Istanbul's history?
what is the antonym of father that has series is Ahnentafel?
Mention the name of the companion of Johnny Cash in his discography
Which animated character has got more number of children?
What type of music does Best Ballads do?
When did Shaquielle O'neal receive an award for All NBA Team?
Which country does Roberto Rossellini, who died in Rome, belong to?
What is the academic specialty of the author of journal article "Research on Middle Age: An Assessment?"
Who is the sponsor of Anne, Princess Royal?
What are the recurring events which start with the letter w
Which is the maximum capacity for Wright Flyer?
does the age events of the totoro equivelant to 3000?
Where  is Charles Nirmalanathan job located?
"Which Science, that studies deformation, has a  history in The History of Engineering?"
Which is the river that is different from the mass?
Which is the HTML entity for diamond?
What (in the Julian calendar) is the date of birth of Antipater?
Which is the continental area and surrounding islands for the continent of the Middle East?
In which locations did Jan Brueghel the Elder work?
What is parent company for alumna of Thomas Hobbes ?
Which is the research program that the objective of project or mission of human genome whose name contains the word genome?
Tell me craft  whose name has the word woodworker in it.
Which {makes use of} {sports} of {football boots} ?
Name a traditional fairy tale that starts with letter S
What is the capital of the is in the city  of Jauca?
Does the surface tension of the undecane equal 17.45?
What gene is associated with breast cancer by a Genome-wide association study?
What facilities does the Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport have?
is Brian Wilson a creative work conributor?
which poem contains the word prymskvioa in their name
Which is the newspaper owned by the Australian Football League?
Name a W3C Recommendation that starts with letter X
When did Zakopane become part of the Kingdom of Galicia and Lodomeria?
In which country is Syracuse that is the birth place of Megyn Kelly?
Which year is the beginning of Russian Empire?
What award Eddie Redmayne received for his work The Theory of Everything?
What Denmark hotel has the least angle from vertical?
Who is the performer and the present in work of Satan?
What is the HQ of Ärztekammer Nordrhein?
When was Sun Wen a member of the sports team Atlanta Beat?
Which has the evaluation of the pulse?
Which architect, who also designed the Jewish Museum in Berlin, was honored with the Buber-Rosenzweig-Medal?
Is the mean anomaly of the 4366 Venikagan equal to 0.58858?
In which country can you exchange the pound sterling for goods?
What is the reason for Kosovo sharing a border with Albania?
What CEP service has the most total equity?
where were William Blake and Catherine Blake married?
Name the capital city Aung San Suu Kyi lives in.
Has Jeremy Corbyn lived in Finsbury Park?
What is the zipcode William Stukeley died in?
What is Carly Simon's Songwriters Hall of Fame ID number?
How is the genetic association between the gene DDRGK1 and hepatitis C determined?
What is FIS cross-country skier ID for Marit Bjørgen?
What sport rewards the FIFA World Cup?
What is the Neurolex ID for the parietal lobe?
When was Peter Zumthor awarded the Arts and Culture Prize of German Catholics?
When did the Grateful Dead receive the Grammy for Lifetime Achievement Award?
Tell me pavo whose name has the word peacock in it.
What is Operissimo artist ID for Martina Arroyo?
Which business manufactures the Commodore 64?
What is Ronaldo's Mackolik.com Player ID
What is the pharmaceutical product for which cocaine is active ingredient?
What is in the category of György Lukács?
Is the production rate of Somontano the same as 144093.6
When did John Frederick William Herschel receive the Copley Medal?
Which inventor or discoverer with the profession of astronomer discovered 90377 Sedna?
Who are the women who voiced part of Naked to the Limit, One More Time?
Which mosque is named after Suleiman the Magnificent?
What is first described in tide with praenomen Gaius?
What is material used of water ?
In what town is Taekyeung College?
Does the argument of periapsis of 8680 Rone equal 1.080852?
Tell me the component that has the shape of hyperboloid and starts with the letter c?
What is the Turkish Football Federation player ID of Gheorghe Hagi?
Which is the significant event for A-League?
What {source material} is the {buff coat} {made from}?
Who are the children of Jens Breivik's husband?
Who is the head general of this branch?
Are there more than 0.8 seasons of Supertrain?
The film  Mowgli was described by what film crew member?
Which republic with the a minimal nominal GDP is a member of the International Finance Corporation?
Did Amitabh Bachchan speak the Hindi-Urdu language?
In what year was Bette Davis nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actress?
What government is headed by the land of Arkhangelsk?
Is William Wilde the father of Oscar Wilde?
What pharmaceutical product has zinc as it's active ingredient?
What is the blood type of Jay Chou?
who are the film editor, director of Spirited_Away?
Which is the capital of Tulunids?
What is the film genre of the musician from Hold me in your arms.
Mention the award handed over to the daughter of Alexander II of Russia
What is the cause and place of death of Lewis Carroll?
WHEN IS THE ANTONYM EVENT OF MARCELO ARIEL GELMAN SCHBEROFF
Which is the type of music from the work of Guitar Player?
Which person who had the career of a cartographer was the inventor of the jigsaw?
What is the Kansas Sports Hall of Fame ID for Al Oeter?
When did member of sports team of Ali Daei and number of matches played?
How many official religions are with {Goguryeo} ?
How many occupations does Nancy Cartwright have?
Which Android One has the largest maximum size or capacity?
Name an actor of 60 minutes
When did spouse of Andriy Shevchenko and start time?
designed
What is Gery Cori's family name before marriage?
During the 34th Academy Awards, what awards was the film La Dolce Vita nominated for?
What are the borders of Kaifeng that contain the rural city of Fendquan District
Was Patrick_Swayze place of birth Houston?
What part of the constellation orbits the Milky Way?
when did aleksey konstantinovich tolstoy marry sofia andreevna bachmeteva?
Who gave the{user} of {theme} of {Gingerbread Man} ?
What country has The Star-Spangled Banner as its anthem?
tell me fossil taxon name has the word velociraptor in it
what is in the focal length of Very large telescope?
WHICH IS THE DEITY THAT WEARS HIMATION THAT CONTAINS THE WORD CHRIST IN THEIR NAME
Which is the Australian Antarctic Gazetteer ID for Australian Antarctic Territory?
when does Pervez Musharraf start as Chairman Joint Chiefs of Staff Committee?
What participants are there of Magnus Carlsen?
What is the measure of the scale of temperature?
Which is the NATO reporting name for II-76?
Did Louis Armstrong sign with Columbia Records and GRP Records?
What is the ortholog of RHO?
How many defendants were there in the Nuremberg trials?
How many matches did Hidetoshi Nakata play as a member of the Japan National under-17 football team?
Is the metallicity of the Messier 30, -2.27?
Who gave the  {ideology} of {member of} of {Lola Iturbe} ?
Who is the {national association football team} for {home venue} of {Wembley Stadium}
What is Adam Weishaupt's first name?
What is country for  human breast milk ?
What does tobramycin treat?
Who is inspired by Statue of Liberty?
What part of Missouri was Mark Twain born in?
What is the LoC Classification of the government of the Kingdom of Funan?
who enzyme for found in taxon of homo sapiens?
Which is the MAPS poet ID of John Berryman?
who city of workplace of A. J. P. Taylor ?
What is the ISO 3166-1 numeric code for Kazakhstan?
What is the location of birth, with a capital city of Petra, of Junipero Serra?
Which is the academic degree for undergraduate degree?
Name a movie from Hayao Miyazaki
Does the foreign direct net outflow of Belarus equate to 898800000?
Who is replacing John Howard's position in the Australian House of Representatives?
How was our planet formed?
What is the fusion enthalpy for tungsten?
who chronology of topic of continent of Canine Hills ?
Is it true that the total debt of the Accor equals to -58000000?
What is the christian church whose leader is known as the pope that contains the word "catholic " in its name
What year did Ismail Samani's father die?
Mukesh Ambani is the boss of which company ?
What is the word for work or name in English?
What edition of Abhigyanashakuntalam is in English?
Who is the spouse of Aaliyah and when did they divorce?
What Wikipedia article lists the awards Angela Lansbury received?
What natural feature on the Leeward Islands is also on a tributary of the Riviere Roxelane?
What was the noble title of Charles the Fat and who was he followed by?
Whats characters are in The Emperor's New Groove
Is Fogle a family name of Jared Fogle?
Who owns the copyright for,"The Little Prince"?
Does the explosive velocity of the octanitrocubane equals 8080.0?
How many film editors worked for Star Wars Episode IV: A New Hope?
What role did James Spader play in "The Office"?
Does the yield strength of the Alloy 718 equal 996?
Which is the building for the headquarters location of Cathay Pacific?
What's the country that has the lowest amount of school children who have family that work for the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development?
When was Santa Fe twinned with Junta de Villalba?
Which is the home world of Neptune?
What is the language of Baha u llah?
Is it true that the points awarded of the 2018 AFL Women's season equals to 2?
Which academic field for the history of the United States divides into the state of Michigan?
Which job uses a brick?
Which is {surface area} of {agent} of {French invasion of Russia} ?
What podcast does John Oliver work on?
Which war cemetery has the least memorial based burials?
What is the name of the Bohr model that has been awarded the Nobel Prize in Physics?
Where is the death place of Masaccio whose countries are municipio XII?
What encryption software is used by author Julian Assange?
Josip Broz Tito is the head of government for what historical country?
When did "The Bold and the Beautiful" receive an award for International TV Audience for Best Telenovela/Soap Opera?
What is the great power with maximum exports?
What is the name of the archaeological site where Qin Shi Huang was buried?
What is the history of Montevideo?
Where did Niccolò Machiavelli die in Sant'Andrea in Percussina?
Who {member of sports team} and the {position played on team / speciality} of {Stephen_Curry} ?
Which are the overlies for basement?
What are the econothem  which start with the letter p
Who was John Stuart Mill's stepparent?
What is the galaxy with the lowest redshift whose constellation is Boötes?
Which is Gmelin number for sulfate ion?
Is the beam of the Etchells equal to 2.1?
Who is the father of Norax that is the equivalent of Thoth?
film studio
which is interaction of academic field for nuclear physics?
What us Clovis I's noble title and who follows?
In what capacity does the Empire of Japan govern?
Belgrade is the capital of what country?
Does the Mariana Trench have an elevation above sea level that is less than -13192.8?
Where is Pat Sajak's birthplace in the province of Cook County?
Does the AKROLOY PARA ICF 40 flexual modulus equal to 35000?
which record did pole vault hold and which is the height?
What are  the archipelago  which start with the letter I
Which are the coordinates of easternmost point of Estonia?
What is the Twitter handle of Raxane Gay?
who is the family and father of 14th_Dalai_Lama?
Who are the characters in the second season of the series Black Sails?
What spacecraft has the longest orbital period?
What engine family has the highest compression ratio?
Who manufactures Xbox and what is the lowest price it can be sold for?
What is the {twin city} of {New York City}, that is also the {birth place} of {Judit Polgar}?
What is the noble title of Charles the Fat and follows.
What was the statement that was made by the head of government for the Autonomous Republic of Crimea, Sergey Aksyonov?
Which stockholder has a label of Wanda Jackson?
Was epilepsy health specialty psychology and psychiatry?
What is composed by Thaïs? Who is the child of Alexis Massenet?
Which is the theatrical genre that starts with the letter z?
Gordon Cooper was the crew member for which space launch?
What is the translation of Dongguan in pinyin?
Tell me decimal classification whose name has the word classification in it.
What city in Germany borders Hammburg?
What is Q48460  portrait of  Arnolfini Portrait ?
What is the name of Bashar al-Assad's sibling
What did the cinematographer of Jim: The James Foley Story slaughter?
Who are the partners of Devora Ben-Yehuda's siblings?
What are the invasion which start with the letter  migration
What is the telephone numbering plan of the seat of Union Cycliste Internationale ?
Which is the Ustream username for National Aeronautics and Space Administration?
Who is the writer of the preceeds of Choke?
What US company has the highest net profit?
Who is the chief executive officer of IBM
In what language was Marcus Aurelius Antonius's "His Medications Concerning Himself" (Meditations) written?
Is the shear modulas of the glass equal to 26.2?
Who is the {human} for {replaces} of {Ayman al-Zawahiri}
what is the type of kinship for William the Conqueror has relative as Edward the Confessor?
Which is the archINFORM person or group ID for Thomas Jefferson?
Tell me about Screen Actors Guild Award for award received of Mary Tyler Moore?
Is true that Mecca was the capital of Makkah Region and Hejaz Vilayet?
Does the defined daily dose of zonisamide equal to 0.2?
Wich means{conjugate base} in {ammonium cation} ?
What painting of a heart has been found in the human species?
Henry Goudy is the position holder of what professorship?
What is Davis Cup player ID for Ken Rosewall?
What what is Olympic sport authority by International Biathlon Union  and which that starts with b
Which species kept of Redwood National and State Parks?
What work was Alan Arkin nominated for the Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Male Actor in a Supporting Role?
Which academic degree did Bjarne Stroustrup earn from the University of Cambridge?
What was the location time zone of Donetsk Oblast as per standard time?
Which is the ARMB member ID of Étienne-Jules Marey?
Who is the publisher and the developer of Minecraft?
Is google's total equity 96,822,000,000.00?
When was Jean Cocteau the President of the Cannes Festival jury?
What was Septuagint's psalm?
how much external subpropertyies are needed for a seat?
What is Alfred de Musset's Académie française ID?
which is the point in time for daniel kahneman has award received as leontief prize for advancing the frontiers of economic thought?
Who was the doctoral advisor of Isaac Newton?
Which chef-lieu was the hometown of George Orwell?
What is in the category of Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers?
How many operating systems does Skype have?
What is the Wikimedia category of Surat?
When did Albert Bierstadt graduate from the Dusseldorf School of Painting?
Moon Jae-in is the head of state of which constitutional republic?
Where did Paul Verlaine die, whose Prime Minister is Jean Sylvain Bailly?
What award did Alvin Eliot Roth and Lloyd Shapley receive together?
Name a vegetation zone in Europa that contains the word "taiga" in its name
tell me sexual orientation that name has the word sex in it
When was Pius X canonized as a Catholic saint?
Which is the Nobel prize ID of André Gide?
Which is the name in kana of Akira?
When did Berenice Abbott begin her studies at Ohio State University?
Was John Williams a student at both University of California, Los Angeles and Fiorello H. LaGuardia High School?
What is the environment of Street Fighter that came before PlayStation4?
Who was the film starring in the movie Happy Days, the birth place for the movie was in Los Angeles
What is safety classification and labelling of ferrous sulfate anhydrous, that has publishing house National Fire Protection Association has published?
Tell me the class lllb with the highest exposure limit whose safety is labelling standards.
Is it true that Zoroastrianism was the main regulatory text for the Prayer of Bahman Yasht?
What is the religion and sex of Hugh Laurie?
For which movie has Mel Gibson received and Academy Award for Best Picture?
What cities contain the nationality of Eddie Robinson?
Were Eva Braun's siblings Gretl and Ilse Braun?
What is the noble title of Godfrey of Boullions and who follows him?
who granted by of nomination received of thomas hardy?
What is the story behind White Christmas?
When Gloria Swanson started as the spouse of Wallace Beery?
Which solar calendar contains the word calendar in their name
Tell me the taxon that has capsule as fruit type and starts with the letter t?
When did the Alexander pope die in the Kingdom of England
who is presented by the series of american ldol, season 1?
What state has the highest fertility rate?
What is succeeds to part of work of Very Ape ?
A solid is what phase of matter?
What is {slogan} of {working for} {Vilfredo Pareto} ?
Which is the Code of Household Registration and Conscription Information System (Taiwan) of Hualien County?
Which is the OSM tag or key for castle?
Name a child of Nargis
which work place split from Pierre Puvis de Chavannes?
Which character from Mario wasn´t in Super Mario?
What is the main Japanese dialect ?
What is the MetroLyrics ID of the Inernationale?
Which is the attribute for Mark the Evangelist?
What PWN internet service has the greatest number of records?
What is Theatricalia person ID of Paul Scofield ?
Which  is public holiday for Eid al-Adha ?
What is the chemical compound with the lowest IDLH whose has part is nitrogen?
n/a
Which drug is used for treatment of multiple sclerosis?
When did Hugh Jackman receive the Golden Globe Award for Best Actor in a Motion Picture Musical or Comedy?
What are the road bridge which start with the letter v
Which tributary of the Ussuri River flows to the right?
What is anatomical branch of bronchus ?
Which disease does Daniel Wayne Smith's son suffer from?
What is the attendee that participated in Belarus in the Eurovision Song Contest 2004?
What is the binding energy or carbon-14?
What is the human population or location of narrative or white teeth?
Oscar Niemeyer died in Rio de Janeiro, which is located in what country?
Is Jimmy Page's instrument the Fender Telecaster electric guitar?
"Who was the member of John William Strutt, 3rd Baron Rayleigh, proceeded in Berlin-Brandenburg Academy of Sciences and Humanities"?
Is the spin quantum number of samarium-144 equal to 0?
Where was the royal house of life partner of Stephen Tennant?
What is the {next job holder} in {West Germany} that is a {member of} an {Asian Development Bank}?
What is Rabies medical treatment and the health specialty?
Which is the British Council writer ID of Salman Rushdie?
When Michael Ellis DeBakey was awarded as Lomonosov Gold Medal?
What is the Nationlamuseum Sweden artist ID for Jean Arp
How long did Zeno ruled the Byzantine Empire?
The Dreamers' was originally written in the language of what state?
What painting depicts Barack Obama
Which aircraft family has the highest glide ratio?
Where did Professor Mohammad Mosaddegh of the University of Paris go to school?
What is the ortholog of AVP?
Is it true that the unemployment rate of south africa is less than 32.64?
Which is the Songfacts artist ID of Lou Reed?
How many connecting lines are there for the Channel Tunnel?
What is the Zero-marking language that starts with letter I ?
Give me the countable set with the lower limit?
Is Etruschi the city of culture?
Is the heart rate of Cavia porcellus greater than 300?
Which is the icon for Cascading Style Sheets?
Was Thomas Edison a citizen of the United States of America?
Which super cultural area starts with the letter m?
Who preceded chairwoman Michael Aresco in the Big East Conference in 2013?
Who is the child of Walter Raleigh?
Tell me me a Norse deity whose name consist of the word "tyr" and whose worshipped by Norse mythology
what party does mauricio marci like
Name a theater in Russia that performs in Russian.
Did you received the Bill Shipsey and Artist of the year?
Who is the author in the National Academy of Sciences for Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America?
who tributary} of portrait of barge haulers on the volga ?
What what is high speed train track gauge BY 1435 mm track gauge that starts with LETTERS V
Which award was received by Pieter van den Hoogenband for participating in Swimming at the 2004 Summer Olympics – Men's 100 metre freestyle?
Does the 9820 Hempel have an orbital inclination greater than 0.21512?
When did Fredrich Bessel win the Gold Medal of the Royal Astronomical Society?
Are there more than 14.4 employees at Overflow?
Mention the person responsible for heading the chairperson-ship of Social Democratic Party of Germany
who found the Jio parent agency?
What job does Jean-Antoine-Nicolas de Caritat de Condorcet have and when did he retire?
What is the SCAR Composite Gazeteer place ID for West Antarctica?
What was amended by the Treaty of Lisbon?
When did studio album for language of work or name of English?
What is girlfriend of music b  The Globalist?
What is Robert Mugabe's religion and citizenship?
Who  holds position of position holder of emir of afghanistan ?
"Who is {developer} of {quicksort}, which has {doctoral student} is {Augusto Sampaio} ?"
What is the ranking of Russia at the FIFA World Cup?
Did William Jones name Pi?
Which means{victory} at the {Wimbledon Championships} ?
Who is the {pharmaceutical product} for {has active ingredient} of {hydrogen peroxide}
Tell me about Yuri Gagarin's spaceflight.
Which countries were involved in the Cuban Missile Crisis?
What is the consumer price index inflation rate that comes from of Zeno's Conscience?
The story Hamilton, based on Alexander Hamilton, was written by what author?
Who plays the character Michael Myers in the movie Halloween?
What is the physical phenomenon measured by inertial mass that tsarts with letter I
What subject is the inverse of functional programming?
Tell me which logographic writing system is used by the Japanese.
Who gave the{co-founder} of {software publisher} of {The Fall of Kelvin Walker: A Fable of the Sixties} ?
Which was the cost of Titanic?
What are the municipal corporation in india  which start with the letter n
Since what time, Tenzin Gyatso has citizenship at People's Republic of China?
What is the male toponyym of Lorentz's trasnformation?
What is the energy intake of Cassini-Huygens?
Which is the bibliographic citation mentioned by Ayumi?
What is ZooBank author ID of Albert Günther?
Which administrative centre of Kingdom of Galicia–Volhynia ?
When did member of sports team of Rabah Madjer and number of points/goals/set scored?
Which is the pharmaceutical product for the active ingredient of caffeine?
Which is the Find A Grave cemetery ID for Valley of the Kings?
Tell me schism whose name has the word schism in it.
In Wikipedia's vital articles, what is the common name on the focus list of Wikimedia project's with the minimum heart rate?
Who was member of the board of the directors and developer of Mac OS?
Who is the secretary general for Christian Democratic Union?
What periodization contains the word "wilhelmine" in its name?
Tell me flux whose name has the word flux in it.
For what type of participation did Mark spitz received Olympic bronze medal award?
Which is a Debian stable package of Perl?
What is {population} of {Los Lagos Region} where {determination method} is {census} ?
When did urban municipality of Germany for twinned administrative body of Leeds?
Who replaced Louis XII of France as the King of France?
How many points/goals were scored by Zinedine Zidane?
What is the AS.com athlete ID for Maria Sharapoval?
Who gave the{pronunciation audio} of {this taxon is a source of} of {Cucumis sativus} ?
what is the
which  professorship of Isaac Newton ?
Who gave the {diplomatic relation} of {citizenship} of {Henri de la Tour d'Auvergne, Vicomte de Turenne} ?
What is the life stance of Margaret Thatcher, whose headquarters is Church House, Westminster?
Royal Dutch Shell has how many owners of?
Which is the Transfermarkt player ID of Andriy Shevchenko?
What and where is the record for the pole vault held?
"Who is {nominee for} of {Jonny Wilkinson}, which {prizewinner} is {Michael Owen} ?"
What is the name of the church where Kollegah works that has Wilhelm Von Becker as senior pastor?
Who discover (or invented) the Electron and who was the Electron named for?
Was Shiva the child of Kartikeya?
Which  is original network for ARD?
Tell me about the lyrics of Billie Holiday's song?
What type of vehicle is ordered for use by Queen Elizabeth?
What is the title of the TV movie based on The Count of Monte Cristo?
Is the number of houses of the Heroutice equal to 0?
In what year did Iloilo City become the capital of the Spanish East Indies?
What is the group of associated people and the geography of the Houston topic?
Which language is no longer spoken from the Hildegard of Bingen?
Tell me the national sports team whose name contains the word team?
What turquoise solvent is the most refractive?
When was Calgary, Alberta founded?
IS THE G FACTOR OF PROTON EQUALS 5.585694713
Which architect represents Taipel 101?
When was Roscoe Arbuckle the spouse of Addie McPhail?
What is Bangkok's central administrative unit code?
What  fruit image is on Tulipa's capsule?
Did Mecklenburg-Vorpommern die in Gadebusch Rural District?
What is the denomination of the accused of Yemeni Civil War ?
What Academy Awards has Quentin Tarantino been nominated for?
Thursday originates from Thor, which originates from what language?
What is the Spotify broadcasting language which has a regulatory body in the Institute of the Czech Language?
who is the elizate for shares border with of bilbao?
What is Miocene's FOIH periods ID?
What is the MusicBrainz series ID of The Adventuress of Tintin?
wasn't 50_cent employer of D-unit clothing company
What type of people would compete in a marathon.
What academic major is a facet of the history of mathematics?
Where did Hans Asperger die that is located near Simmering?
What is the United States Olympic Committee ID for Martina Navratilova?
Why did the Philippine-American War end?
What are the films of Hayao Miyazaki?
Who replaced Charles I as monarch of England?
What is the inflation rate of the consumer price index for a citizen of Dynamo?
What are the Indigenous peoples of the United States which start with the letter y
Who was a student of Maurice Ravel?
What is a song by the band No Quarter?
What date did Lech Kaczyński die in the 2010 Polish Air Force Tu-154 crash?
What is the main subgroup in Islam religion ?
WHICH IS THE ARTISTIC TYPE THAT STARTS WITH V
what is the silent short film with the highest duration?
What is written in The Interpretation of Dreams who is a male.
What is ADK member id of Engelbert Humperdinck?
Which is the {constitutional republic} with the {MAX(Gini coefficient)} whom {diplomatic relation} is {Russia} ?
What organization operates BMX races?
What award did Nadia Comăneci receive for her participation at the 1976 Summer Olympics?
Who is the municipal council for legislative body of Paris?
Which is the MobyGames ID for Wii Sports?
Tell me an human who may be fictional whose name starts with the letter č
How many children do not go to school in Melanesia?
Which is the open period for Friday?
which academy that contains the word university in their name
Is it true that the borrowing rate of Barclaycard Visa equals to 16.99?
Who discovered Iodine and where did they discover it?
Who is a member of Leontien Van Moorsel and their start time?
Tell me the occupational carcinogen that has a safety classification and labelling as Regulation (EC) No. 1272/2008 whose name contains the word benzene?
Which is {treatment} {murder method} of {Ted Hughes} ?
Did R. Kelly received a Grammy for Best Song Written for Visual Media and Grammy for Best Male R&B Performance?
was miley_cyrus getting influence by britney spears?
What is the standard deviation of the uncertainty of the half-life of a neutron?
What is gin's harmonized system code?
Which is the amusement ride for presenting Ellen DeGeneres?
which river has the steepest tributary
What is gender of non-binary?
What award did the short story "Flowers for Algernon" receive?
IDoes the house mouse have a minimum frequency of audible sound of 1000
"What is the {first name} of {John J. Pershing, which means {the same as} the name {Loann}?"
Is it true that the incidence of hepatitis C equals to 0.4?
Name a song produced by Quincy Jones that starts with letter W
WHICH IS THE MARITIME MUSEUM WITH THE MOST LUMINOUS INTENSITY
"What is the {language used} by {A. E. van Vogt}, that is {endemic to} {England} ?"
What is the anatomical branch of the adrenal gland artery?
How many relatives did Mary, Queen of Scots have?
What is MP3's PRONOM file format identifier?
Is Christopher Nolan a citizen of the UK?
What is quantity symbol of mass flow rate ?
How many were killed by Giovanni Falcone?
When is the establishment date and where is the location of death of Ptolemy I Soter?
Is the price of the Danish krone equal to 0.14216?
Which is the foundational text for Declaration of the Establishment of the State of Israel?
What is the name of Thomas Jefferson's residence?
Is the prevalence of leprosy less than 280.8?
Which  is total liabilities of Goldman Sachs?
Name a space station that starts with letter S
What Tel Aviv partner town is the place of formation of Sinopec?
Where did Rajinikanth and spouse Latha Rajinikanth get married and at which time?
What is the source location of the group Megadeth, that has a border to Pasadena?
What is the type of music of the music by of Beethoven's piano sonatas?
What is the town with min male population located in the administrative territorial entity Tasmania?
Which is the number of parts of a work of art for L'Orfeo?
Where was Satoshi Urushihara born?
which point in time for Alicia de Larrocha has award received as Princess of Asturias Award for the Arts ?
What characters are mentioned in Death: The Time of Your Life?
WHERE IS THE HQ LOCATION OF IZZY ASPER PARTY MEMBER?
who language family for writing system of traditional Chinese characters?
What NFPA-listed chemical compound has the most potential to contribute to global warming?
When did Netanya cease to be a city in Mandatory Palestine?
How many models are in the Airbus A340 series?
What are the categories of films and associated people shot in this location in Honolulu?
What is the award of Ken Thompson, the prizewinner of which is Arnold Orville Beckman?
Is the consumption rate per capita of petroleum equal to 0.013?
What human biblical figure starts with the letter "z"?
Which board game that practiced by backgammon player and which that starts with the letter b
Which team is Ryan Giggs a member of
What is the the capital city of the state where you can find Sam Dale Lake State Fish and Wildlife Area?
IS THE EULER CHARACTERISTIC OF  BARLOW SURFACE EQUALS 13.2
What 24 Hours of Le Mans entry with an Englebert racing tire had the least number of laps?
Which country Paul von Hindenburg was the head of state of?
What are the painting movement which start with the letter v
Is the House material used for building material?
What is Lake Ladoga's state water register code?
What is constructed out  of portrait of Brothel Scene ?
Where in New York did George Balanchine die?
DOES TH NUMBER OF SURVIVORS OF UNITED AIRLINES FLIGHT 823 IS LESS THAN 0.0
What are the hot spring which start with the letter m
Which are the characters for La Malinche?
What is Leopoldina member ID for Otto Hahn ?
What are Julie Andrews spouse's and child's names?
Is it true that the number of perpetrators of the 1999 Armenian parliament shooting equal 8?
who major works of coined of rubik’s tangle?
Does the Independent have a publication interval that is equal to 1.2?
When did Neil deGrasse Tyson recieve the Hubbard Medal award?
what is less than gas
What is aircraft operated of managed by mortar?
Was Gregory Hines nominated for Best Actor in a Musical at the Tony Awards?
What is the density of water?
what is the flag of Dominica?
how many bug tracking systems does tencent qq have?
Which is the life expectancy for Cardigan Welsh Corgi?
What city was Muhammad Ali Jinnah buried in?
Yilan County replaces how many ?
What medical specialty of gangrene is a result of genetic disease?
What country shares a border with Northern Territory and is along the 26th parallel south?
What is the key event of the terminating connection of Britz Canal?
Tell me about member of sports team of Lionel Messi and number of matches played?
Which is the number of episodes for the Bewitched?
Was John Quincy Adams a United States Ambassador to Germany and to the Netherlands?
Is the frequency of the Sky Polarization Observatory equal to 25.6?
To which sports team is Roberto Carlos a member and how many matches has he played?
"What is the {different than} of {waltz}, with the {movie director} of {Norbert ter Hall}?"
Which is the history of languages spoken, written, or signed by Umar ibn Al-Khattāb?
Which is the language that is influenced by English?
When did Jean-Bertrand Aristide stop holding the position as the President of Haiti?
Is Toni Braxton's record label Elektra Records or Arista Records?
When did head of government of Seattle and work period (end)?
What is the approximate date of birth of Eusebius of Caesarea?
When was Anatoly Pakhomov the head of government for Sochi?
Who is Andre Agassi's spouse?
Did The Beach Boys record for Sire Records?
What is the {health specialty} and the {genetic association} of {Dyslexia} ?
Name a modern language that contain the word " russian" in its name
What is the official language of Indonesia?
What is in conflict in the narrative of The Hall of Presidents?
Is the number of penalty minutes in Nick Petrecki's career less than 0?
What is United States Armed Forces service number for John J. Pershing?
What are the temple which start with the letter ġgantija
What is the sainthood status of Hagia Sophia?
Which is the Environment Ontology ID for oceanic Trench?
Is Eric Eric Assanges given name?
What comes before the anti-particle of antideuterium?
What is the diplomatic relation the location in Histories?
Where is the {country of origin} and the {location of formation} of {Van_Halen} ?
What are the unit of measurement which start with the letter visus
When was Wu Den-yih the chairperson of Kuomintang?
What recurring sporting event did Lance Armstrong participate in?
What is the DSBE of Miquel de Unamuno?
Who is the voice actor for Star Wars Episode V: The Empire Stikes Back
Where did Piero della Francesca die?
What is the discipline of the advisor of Joseph Malegue?
Who did Steve Bannon work for during the 2016 United States presidential election?
Tell me the name of a noble family that starts with the letter ü.
What was Hillary Clinton a student of and what is her academic degree?
When was Aldous Huxley received James Tait Black Memorial Prize award?
What is located in the state of Idaho that has diplomatic relations with Dominica?
Who is the {human} for {influenced by} of {J. Robert Oppenheimer}
What sports team and position did Bobby Moore play for, and how did he die?
Whats the filming location of Thane?
Lagos is located in what time zone and had what category of films shot at this location?
Is the grammatical gender of Georges Cziffra male?
What are the deductive language which start with the letter p
Rosalind Russel was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actress for what work?
Which is people or cargo transported of people?
Is the earthquake magnitude on the moment magnitude scale of the 2011 Van earthquake equal to 5.68?
what is Romania LMI code for Trajan's Bridge?
Who is chef-lieu of the sub item of history of West Virginia?
Glenn Greenwald works for what magazine?
Is Aluminium-26's binding energy 211893.89?
Francisco de Mirandad held what place?
When were Frederick William I of Prussia's children Wilhelmine of Prussia and Margravine of Brandenburg-Bayreuth born?
How many kids do not attend school in the country of Borobudur?
Who was Clark Gable's father?
Which is the Poetry Foundation ID of Samuel Beckett?
Mention the citizenship of Czechoslovakia
What time does the First Minister of Northern Ireland, David Trimble, finish?
"Which is {language read} of {Inigo Jones}, that has {role model} is {French} ?"
Is the units sold of the Roti Island snake-necked turtle more than 16.0?
Is it true that the discharge of the Calnegia equals to 1.39?
what is the coordinate location in Ötztal Alps where Ötzi died?
WHAT IS THE IMPACT CRATER WITH THE MAXIMUM DIAMETER
Which position in the Russian presidential referendum 1991 had the lowest age of candidacy?
where did Vladimir Putin study and get academic degree?
Is Jim Carrey a film producer?
What noble title did Berengar I of Italy hold and who was his successor?
whats the occupation of the members of Coen brothers?
Which is the Australian Classification for Team Fortress 2?
What is the position held by Hammurabi who replaces Sin-Muballit?
Tell me civilization whose name has the word vandals in it.
What is the next steel bridge crossing upstream of London Bridge?
Which municipality in Sweden has maximum liabilities?
What type of student role model is Octavian  Angheluta?
When did Tiraspol leave the Soviet Union?
what are studio album starts with the letter w
who cat films shot of birth city of stanisława przybyszewska ?
Who is the first described member or NGC 5548?
When was Bibi Andersson married to Per Ahlmark?
What statement was the subject of Bernard Herrmann's nomination at the 14th Academy Awards?
Which is the ammunition for Minigun?
What are the pseudovector which start with the letter angular
During what time did Stanley Bruce receive an award for Companion of Honour?
What king of Antigua and Barbuda was awarded the the Order of Saints Olga and Sophia?
Is  Compton VenusWilliams residence
Which is the origin of the watercourse of Aconcagua?
Which is ADAGP artist ID for Andy Warhol?
Which is the BoF person ID for Alicia Vikander?
What is Ottawa's border town for shares?
According to the registration office, what is the current population of Granada?
What positions does the United Nations General Assembly appoint?
Which is the stereoisomer for L-Phenylalanine?
Which association and team does Lionel Messi play for?
What award did Carl Osburn win for shooting the men's 100 metre team running deer, single shots at the 1920 Summer Olympics?
What is the label of Exile on Main St., that was co-founded by Nik Powell?
What subatomic particle has the highest decay width?
When did Raymond Saint-Louis-Augustin leave office in Fort-de-France?
Was Diego Maradona a member of Colombia national football team and Newell's Old Boys?
Dortmund is located on terrain feature of what type?
What is Rockipedia ID of Bergen?
What characters are from the fork of the Beatrice Addressing Dante from the Car?
Is the thermal conductivity of titanium carbide equal to 17.76?
What are the republic which start with the letter zimbabwe
What are the {transliteration for the {Zhongshan} ?
What are the film studio which start with the letter studios
What is in the category of Pakistan?
Is the Ivy League in the country teh United States of America?
What is The Black Book ID of Otto Strasser ?
Which ice hockey team season has the highest number of points/goals conceded?
How much is the mass of potassium ferricyanide?
Name a colonial empire that starts with the letter I
When did spouse of Faye Dunaway and start time?
what is the isotope of tin has the highest spin quantum number?
How many spouses did Rezā Shāh have?
What was the academic major of Larry Page who was educated at Stanford University?
n/a
What is the method of determining the form of lung cancer associated with gene MTMR3?
who is the markup language for based on of HTML5?
Did Dinosaur hold the taxon rank order?
How many students are studying in the {Wilhelm Furtwängler} ?
"Where is {deathplace} of {Robert Knox}, which has {partner city} is {New Delhi} ?"
What is the founder builder of Lancashier Witch?
which aircraft model with the lowest takeoff roll whose instance is airrcraft model?
Where is the position of office held by head of the organisation of World Trade Organization
What award did Andy Lau receive for A Simple Life?
Was Stephen Hawking influenced by Karl Popper?
Which city is the capital of Maurya Empire?
What is the operating system for PlayStation 3?
How was the  time period of early middle ages?
Which is {CPI inflation rate} of {citizen of} {Asa Griggs Candler} ?
Which {twinned administrative body} is {located in the administrative territorial entity} of {Belfast} ?
What is the location of Edmonton
Name the chinese character with grade 4 kanji
Which is the EDb film ID of Rear Window?
WHICH IS THE MYTHICAL CREATURE THAT STARTS WITH S
Who is the spouse, and what position does Derek Jeter play in?
What is Q48460 the women's history subtopic?
What is the standard heat of formation for conjugate acid of chloride ion?
What is a Tigers main food source?
What framework and programming language are used in Skype?
Who is Akbar's father?
Which chemical compound has the highest acceptable daily intake?
Which is the dynasty of the country of the Roman Empire?
Who is the son written by Devi?
What organization is a subsidiary of the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development?
Who is the author of Things Fall Apart
In which year Fredrik Bajer was nominated for Nobel Peace Prize award?
Tacloban belongs to which electorate?
What award did Marvin Hamlisch win at the 46th Academy Awards?
When did Christopher Lloyd receive the Independent Spirit Award for Best Supporting Male?
Who is the Governor of Jersey that has Queen Elizabeth as their mother.
Which is the EAGLE id of Hadrian?
Tell me the Hindu deity that has armament in Trishula and contains the word shiva in it's name?
When did Kiev and Kyoto become sister cities?
What city is twinned to Los Angeles and contains the word " Vancouver" in its name
what is the wife of the tribute to of Eanna?
What is the middle name of Jim Ward that is similar to that of Yakub?
Which means {eBird hotspot ID} from{Joshua Tree National Park} ?
"Which is {medical specialty} of {anxiety disorder}, whiose {has proponent} is {psychotherapist} ?"
When did Simon Wiesenthal receive the Otto Hahn Peace Medal?
In which year did Daniel J. Boorstin receive a Bancroft prize?
What is  in the  Nupill Literatura Digital - Author of Pedro II of Brazil ?
Which teams did Lee Roy Selmon play for that won championships?
What is {academic field for} {culture of Italy} ?
Which is coat of arms for coat of arms?
Which dependency located in Norway has the shortest coastline?
Tell me virtue whose name has the word wisdom in it.
tell me stock market crash that contains the word market  market in the name
which numeral system that starts with s
To which sovereign state and diplomatic relation does the Arab League belong?
What field of medicine studies pedophilia?
Name the  psychoactive drug made from Papaver somniferum that starts with letter O
what is in the Bashkir encyclopedia Russian version ID of encyclopedia ?
Tell me stellar evolution whose name has the word kilonova in it.
what medical condition is treated with bupivacaine?
What is the apparent magnitude of 486958 2014 MU69 that applies to the part of the maximum?
What venue of the Battle of Verdun is adjacent to Sivry-la-Perche?
What is the date of birth of Olga of Kiev?
Which film is set in the Marvel Cinematic Universe?
What is the municipal corporation for the capital of Karnataka in India?
Which is the paramilitary that Heinrich Himmler was a manager or a director?
Which is PfaF ID for Raphanus raphanistrum subsp. sativus?
WHAT STUDENTS ARE IN GRYFFINDOR IN HARRY POTTER?
What female is Rob Reiner's sister?
When did the country Cluj-Napoca become the Principality of Transylvania?
When was The Big Bang Theory nominated for a Primetime Emmy?
What is the name of Suleiman the Magnificent's church?
What is the hometown of Thomas Pynchon and when did he live there?
Which is the political seat of the chairman of the International Association of Athletics Federations?
Was Dr. Suess a writer and illustrator?
Who was the wife of Rollo ?
What time did the country of Ravenna in the Republic of Venice end?
Is the banana made of yellow and a shade of brown?
Tell me military order whose name has the word  saint in it.
What branch of the German army has a toponym of Beer Hall Putsch?
Does the 20 kV AC railway electrification have a voltage that is less than 16000.0?
Who was Franz Schubert's student?
When is the date of commencement of the book publish for Astronomy and Astrophysics
Is the salinity of North Atlantic Deep Water equal to 28?
The antiparticle of an elementary particle is what premium particle?
Which stone bridge has the longest span?
What is the domain of memory?
Is the number of viewers/listeners of The Plow That Broke the Plains less than 8000000.0?
Is the median lethal concentration of the allyl glycidyl ehter equal to 270?
Who is the commander of the air force?
In what territory was P. G. T. Beauregard born in St. Bernard Parish?
What recurring event is present in the language of Esperanto?
Tell me the dog breed that has Germany as country of origin and starts with the letter w?
What is Epguides ID for The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air
Is the orbital eccentricity of Ariel equal to 0.0012?
Which people contains the word wuhuan in their name
Which is the literary work of the writer Dante Alighieri?
What is the sport with the maximum number of players from Papua New Guinea?
Who is the governor for the head of state of Tasmania?
Tell me about castle for commissioned by of William the Conqueror?
Who was the disciple and mentor of Wilhelm Grosz?
Is it true that the target interest rate of the monetary authority of singapore is equal to 5.35?
Who is responsible for legislating Seaview Range?
When was C. V. Raman nominated for the Nobel Prize in Physics?
What is member crew for cosmonaut mission of Anatoly Berezovoy ?
What are the depicts of The Starry Night?
Lady Gaga wrote the lyrics for which song?
Which music by Egmont describes the disease of Crohn's disease?
Tell me the redshift of the planetary system called R136.
Was Frances McDonald educated at Yale School of Nursing and Bethany College?
does ostrivets have an area that is 0.0 or greater?
When did Faina Ranevskaya stop working at the Mossovet Theatre?
what is for wolverine has subject has role as title character?
who is inhabitants of subtopic for earthquake ?
Which has parts of the class of baryon?
Is the Lagangilang electorate equal to 8717?
Name the earthquake that showed a Mercalli scale of IX but had the least magnitude on the Richter scale?
Which is the Pleiades place type identifier for estuary?
What is the Commonwealth realm with the highest number of children out of school?
Who replaced Tiberius as Roman emperor?
Which is the natural reservoir for Pteropodidae?
Which is the Treccani ID for psychiatry?
Which is the German regional key of Hesse?
When before 1584 did Aratus of Sicyon die?
Which country replaced Czechoslovakia?
Who is the {gene} for {genetic association} of {hepatitis C}
Who gave the {has grammatical person} of {used language} of {Donald Pleasence} ?
What is the honor of George IV of the United Kingdom, which Philip the Good is co-founder?
What empire starts with the letter m?
What republic was the Indian Independence movement a significant event for?
Which is the longest span of Humber Bridge?
What party did Sandra Stevens take part in?
Which is the {taxon rank} and the {parent taxon} of {Armadillo} ?
Tell me the tungsten alloy that has an effect on tungsten carbide exposure and contains the word carbide in it's name?
How many persons are state head in  {Georgia} ?
Which is located in protected area for Loch Lomond?
Is the race time of the 1914 Giro d'Italia less than 584491.2?
Name the country with the most total exports, where Viktor Zubkov was Prime Minister?
Are valganciclovir and docosanol medicines used to treat Herpes simplex?
What award did Meryl Streep receive for The Devil Wears Prada?
What country was Mercedes McCambridge of Joliet born in?
What was the album that Joni Mitchell won the Grammy for Best Traditional Pop Vocal Album for?
What is major event of participant event of Jim Clark ?
Name a country where people speak english and that starts with letter z
What is relationship science organization  I'd of union of European football association?
What league is the team Ospreys in?
Which {kind of music} do {sculptor} {Tikitotmoniki Totems} ?
What fleet is USAir Flight 5050 a part of?
Which skerry has the smallest focal height that is white?
What are the airliner which start with the letter eiríksson
What is The Numbers movie ID of Easy Rider ?
What statement did Harold Prince deliver when he received the Tony Award for Best Direction of a Musical?
Give the highest attendance of the sports season?
In what neighborhood did Nikos Kazantzakis die?
What was Max Steiner nominated for in the 19th Academy Awards?
What are the type of spor which start with the letter waterskiing
Which is a medical treatment for cholera?
When was Henry V replaced by Lothair III as Holy Roman Emperor?
who is the court of bowers v.hardwick?
tel me war deity worshipped by religion of ancient Egypt  starts with w
Which television series is Burt Reynolds in?
What is the Member of the Hellenic Parliament ID of Mikis Thedorakis?
Who is publisher of  Thickness-dependent leakage current of (polyvinylidene fluoride/lead titanate) pyroelectric detectors based track-list.
What is the location in or next to body of water and time zone of Nice?
Which is the Indian census area code of Himachal Pradesh?
Is the prisoner count for the Auschwitz concentration camp 152000?
Was Isis married to Osiris and Min?
What is the country of Abkhazia whose statement is disputed by Russia?
What honorary degree award was conforred to Albert II?
What is Île en île writer ID for J. M. G. Le Clézio?
What is the sexually homologous and venous drainage of Clitoris?
What is the { academic degree } of { Bernhard Riemann } that is conferred by { Göttingen University }?
the author id of yann martel
What is the Class IB flammable liquid with the highest electric dipole moment whose safety classification and labelling is NFPA 704: Standard System for the Identification of the Hazards of Materials for Emergency Response ?
What religion does the country of the Golden Horde follow
What is minimal lethal  of acetone ?
Which wiki with script conversion has the largest data size?
Show me provincial or territorial capital city in Canada that starts with y.
What is the border of Georgia that has the UTC-06:00 timezone?
Which religious affiliation of Qara Khitai is under the domain of Buddhist studies?
What is DRTL?
What is the category for employees of the organization and the member of of Yale_University ?
Which civilisation of Norse mythology had theatre seasons on Viking Age?
Name a alternative version of Gospel of Matthew
What is the opposite of Atheism?
What is the Wikidata time precision for a decade?
What specie physically interacts with acetylcholine?
Which naval artillery has the most effective firing range?
When did Gianni Rodari receive a Hans Christian Andersen Award?
Where were the birthplaces of Nawab Bai's children?
What is field of exercise of publishing house has  Rock 'N' Roll Comics ?
Which is the agglutinative language for the official language of Achaemenid Empire?
When did Dimitar Nikolov become head of government of Burgas?
What is the Mona Lisa's sovereign state?
Who is the son of the sibling of Freydís Eiríksdóttir
Name the think tank that spent the most money in the field of social policy.
What is the estimate of the magnitude of the planet on the far side of the Moon?
What is the TV host of the copy of Berpacu Dalam Melodi?
In which barley wine contains the maximum of alcohol by volume?
Who is the event producer of the baseball World Series?
Which is the Internet Broadway Database person ID of Anna Paquin?
What is the elevation of the highest point along the Hunter River in Prince Edward Island?
When was Kate Sheppard finished being a member of the National Council of Women of New Zealand?
What is the name of the sequel to Are You Experienced?
Was the screenwriter of SpongeBob Squarepants named Kazimieras G. Prapuolenis?
Where is the Cleveland Stock Exchange located?
What sports team does Clarence Seedorf play for and how many matches did he play?
Is Alexander Hamilton a lawyer?
Is it true that Delta Air Lines cash is equivelant to 1252000000.0?
How is the criterion used for Symphony No. 5 different from Roll Over Beethoven?
What is signs of effect of acetic acid ?
Who is {service operator} of {aircraft carried} of {LATAM Brasil} ?
Where is the death place of Fedor Tokarev, which was divided into the Perovo District?
What town in Spain borders Bilbao?
What drugs react significantly with methadone?
Which edition of Othello is this?
Who rules the sport country of Mana Mamuwene?
Who replaced Malcolm Turnbull as the Leader of the Opposition of Australia?
Tell me literary character whose name has the word wu in it.
What is the reason for Eddie lzzard received an award as Primetime Emmy Award for Individual Performance in a Variety or Music Program?
Which cricket team containing the word Indian was headed by coach Mahela Jayawardene?
Which is the historical country of the diplomatic relation of Czechoslovakia?
Who are the alumni of the developer of Gregorian telescope?
tell me beer style starts with t
Which galaxy with the Eridanus constellation has the fastest radial velocity?
Is the height of the EMT Luna X-2000 greater than 0.696?
Who is the sculptor portrayed in mandolin?
"Whichis {protonym} of {King Quail}, that has {taxon parent} is {Tetrao} ?"
Microbiology comes under which health specialty?
How many names are there for Kang Youwei?
Which is the shopping day that starts with "b"?
How many US National Archives Identifier are mentioned in newspaper?
Is it true that julius_caesar has the citizenship of ancient rome?
Which is the day in year for periodic occurrence of the Chinese New Year?
Who is the director and director of photography of Spirited Away?
Is it true that the prussian s 3 has 2.4 cylinders?
What is the home of Isaac?
What are the measurements for the mental depression disease ?
What is a museum that displays art that begins with the letter 'W'?
How many significant drug interactions are there for aspirin?
Which is the Compagnon de la Libération ID for Winston Churchill?
Which is NIST/CODATA ID for Planck length?
What territory overlaps the Rideau Canal?
Which is the taxon parent of the ingredient of squab?
What is the Italian Senate of the Republic ID of Claudio Abbado?
What is the Mir@bel journal ID for Journal des sçavans ?
What award did Robert. A. Heinlein receive for his work on Requiem?
Oleg Davydov played what instrument for what sport?
What is the diplomatic relation of the sovereign state of North China?
Who is the {narrator} and the {characters} of {The_Catcher_in_the_Rye} ?
WhIch is medical specialty of genetic association of FUT2 ?
What was the political ideology of the KKK and where was its birthplace?
WHICH IS THE AIRCRAFT MODEL THAT CONTAINS THE WORD TU IN THEIR NAME
Who is the distributor of The Birth of a Nation?
where is the head of government and head of state of Kerala?
What was the top-level domain country code for the Soviet Union?
What is the Australian Classification category with the highest minimum age whose instance of is 15 rating?
How many people worshipped Yahweh?
Who are the publishers for Civilization?
What {subject in} the {history of Missouri} has its origins, or {has shires}, in {Cape Girardeau County}?
What country uses the currency of Japanese Yen?
When was Chelsea Manning released from the United States Disciplinary Barracks?
Who has diplomatic relations with Journey?
Name a computer network protocol that contain the word " hypertext" in its name
Which is the crystal system of an amorphous solid?
Which joint-stock company has the highest number of subscribers?
Which is the kingdom that had Christianity as official religion and starts with the letter k?
When did Tadao Ando receive his Asahi Prize award?
When was the city of Frankfurt founded ?
What is the played by of the before was of The Wiggles Movie Soundtrack ?
What are the hot spring which start with the letter u
What is the gene for genetic association of major depressive disorder?
When was Vince Vaughn nominated for MTV Movie Award for Best On-Screen Duo?
What does Bank of China own?
Name a sibling of Wonder Woman
What UK Country's electoral division has the minimum age?
What is Leslie Lamport's country of citizenship?
Which is the item operated for Hydroponics?
Is the atomic number of sulfur 16?
What is the subtopic in the economy of Japan with diplomatic relation with Afghanistan?
Who is the{film} for {characters} of {Wyatt Earp}
Which is the discovery method of Proxima Centauri b?
Who were the authors of Asymmetric coevolutionary networks facilitate biodiversity maintenance?
What is sport number for Tom Brady?
Who wrote the theme of the Bernstein Bears (1985 TV series)?
How many presenters has the Tonight Show had?
The executive branch of the Government of Islamic Republic of Iran is in what village of the Hormozgan Province?
What is the determination method for war?
How many days in a year for the {Passover} ?
Which {has wards} of {stockholders} of {Kagawa Prefectural Road Route 18} ?
When did Nikolay Makarov receive the State Stalin Prize?
Which is the natural language which starts with the letter t?
What is the SourceForge project of Portable Network Graphics?
Which is the FIS ski jumper ID of Matti Nykänen?
When did Karl Pearson become a member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences?
Who gave the {member of crew of} of {cosmonaut mission} of {Scott E. Parazynski} ?
A degree in the history of mathematics requires what academic discipline or degree?
For which work Jamie Foxx was nominated for Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor?
When did Lech Walesa receive the Order of Pius IX award?
Who is the mayor of Sihanoukville's sister town?
Where is the death location coined by BL Lacertae?
What twin city was the location of János Kornai's death?
Is the literate population of Matukpur equals 0?
What town is near where Yi Sun-sin was born.
re the number of elevators in the Garching-Forschungszentrum equal to 1?
how many drug interactions does fentanyl have?
Is the radial velocity of the Andromeda galaxy greater than -240.8?
When will the chairperson for Walgreens, Charles Rudolph Walgreen, Sr., start?
Name a communist party located at Pravda that starts with letter C
What religion resides in the history of Islam?
Who are the kids of Henry I of England, whose brother is Robert FitzEdith, Lord Okehampton}?
Which is the conurbation for the capital of Empire of Japan?
what is the locomotive class has the highest  boiler pressure?
Who operates the McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle and what is its powerplant?
Who is the  {taxon} for {parent taxon} of {fly agaric}
What method did the census use to determine the population of the Coquimbo Region?
What does the nominee of the Donald Allen Wollheim receive?
What is Ontario Sports Hall of Fame athlete ID for James Naismith ?
When did Santiago Ramón y Cajal receive the award for Grand Cross of the Order of Isabella Catholic?
Tell me era whose name has the word zirconian in it.
Where was the contestant, Kiri born?
Who is affiliated with Yale University?
Do American football player wear football boots?
What thermal power station in Russia/the Soviet Union has the smallest capacity?
TELL ME TYPE OF BUSINESS ENTITY WHOSE NAME HAS THE WORD STIFTUNG IN IT.
Which is the first appearance of Donkey Kong?
What is the Operating system named after of Unix ?
Which is the OEIS ID of a prime number?
Who is informed by the advisor of Ramesh Sitaraman?
What is the diplomatic relation that comes from screamo?
Which is the Wikitribune category for corruption?
What time Charles VI of France has been positioned as king of France?
Which is the BARTOC ID for Hornbostel-Sachs?
What is the { end time } for { Rhineland - Palatinate } like { Helmut Kohl }?
Which is the work location of Arab League?
What is the main electricity voltage of the Bibliotheque nationale de france?
What electoral district did Thomas Wakley as Member of the 12th Parliament of the United Kingdom hold?
Is Boris Johnson the father of Stanley Johnson?
Which is Behind The Voice Actors franchise ID for Silent Hill?
Which directory service has the highest number of port?
What is Ivo Andric's IPA Transcription?
Is the French economy the main topic of the Court of Cassation, the highest judicial authority?
Does Marvel Comics own Marvel Tales?
Is it true that the longitude of ascending node of 1174 Marmara equals to 0.91583?
When was the first performance of La Traviata held with Conductor Gaetano Mares?
What is the fastest race in the Velká pardubická?
How many muscles work with the humerus?
What is Jochi's date of birth?
Tell me warfare whose name has the word war in it
Tell me the astronomical observatory with the most observing time?
What is the Athletics Australia ID for Shirley Strickland?
Tell me animation technique whose name has the word supermarionation in it.
When did Erasmus earn his Doctor of Divinity degree?
What flammable gas with a safety classification and labelling of NFPA 704: Standard System for the Identification of the Hazards of Materials for Emergency Response has the highest pKa?
Which phonological system is used by a facet of Hungarian?
Is the duration of 2064-2065 one-year-period equal to 1.2?
What are the unit of measurement which start with the letter visus
John Jay is in what position?
Which sport discipline does Abebe Bikila compete in?
Which is designated as terrorist by of Boko Haram?
Is it true that cloud computing win the 2014 Laurence Olivier Awards?
WHo died in Venice ?
What equipment is operated by the administrator of the B-52 Stratofortress?
What  position was held by Daniel Webster after he replaced John Middleton Clayton?
Which is the capitol building that Thomas Jefferson was the architect for?
Who are the writers mentioned in Bertie the Bus?
What was the royal of the noble rank of the head of state in the Roman Empire?
Which is the historical country that replaced the Ottoman Empire?
Where was Barbra Streisand born and where was she formed?
Where is the resting place of Joseph when referring to the history of Egypt?
Which is the university and college sports club that is represented by Georgetown University?
What was Saul Bellow nominated for on his work on Humboldt's Gift?
Thiruvananthapuram was the capital of what state?
Where did Muhammad Iqbal earn their Bachelor of Arts degree?
What is the Old English dialects dialect?
What is the GeoNames ID for Bengbu?
How many deaths took place as a result of conflict of Axis?
What disease has the shortest incubation period in humans?
What is Webb-site organization ID for The University of Hong Kong ?
Which is the {quantum particle} with the {MAX (g-factor)} which is {different from} {neutronium}?
What language does Ranveer Singh speak, and what award have they received?
(Spanish: Felipe II; 21 May 1527 – 13 September 1598) was King of Spain[a] (1556–98), King of Portugal (1581–98, as Philip I, Filipe I),[1] King of Naples and Sicily (both from 1554), and jure uxoris King of England and Ireland (during his marriage to Queen Mary I from 1554 to 1558).[2] He was also Duke of Milan.[3] From 1555 he was lord of the Seventeen Provinces of the Netherlands.
Which is Yad Vashem Encyclopedia of the Ghettos ID for Warsaw Ghetto?
For what position did Sidney Blumenthal replace George Stephanopoulos?
Did Andy Warhol die in NYC?
What is in the village that David Summer worked at?
Who is the author of "Good King Wenceslas" and has an education at Trinity College?
what is model of Naomi Parker Fraley ?
When did member of sports team of John Charles and number of matches played?
What is the member of the political party and sports team of Andre Agassi?
What is the nationality of and diplomatic relation to Alan Dargin?
When was Coronation Street nominated for a British Academy Television Award?
When did Tomsk start being the administrative territorial entity of the Tomsk Governorate?
Which tablet computer has the largest memory capacity?
Is the partition coefficient water/octanol of the trichloromonofluoromethane equal to 2.53?
what is the {start time} for {the apprentice} has {executive producer} as {Mark Burnett} ?
Which is the name in native language for Paul Strand?
What  is the  ID of  the housekeeper of the Libray of Congress Demographic Group?
Which is the Electronic Enlightenment ID for Napoleon?
Is the maximum gradient of Chiemsee-Bahn equal to 2.5?
which type of medical test starts with the letter u
Did London twin with Phnom Penh?
What is the name of the city that Nadezha Mandelstam died in, whose sister city is Vienna?
Who are rhe sons of Emperor Wu of Jin whose surname is Sima?
Is Kenya's nominal GDP per capita equal to 1376.71?
When did Groucho Marx receive the Academy Honorary Award?
was ed gein's cause of death drowning?
What is the political party of Altmarkkreis Salzwedel Governor?
What is the position and electoral district held by Malcolm Fraser?
Which is the Brooklyn Museum artwork ID for butter knife?
Is Tina Turner's family name Turner?
Is the angular resolution of AMiBA equal to 2?
tell  me ice hockey team league National Hockey League starts with o
Who gave the {academic subject} of {part of work} of {The Cdc14B-Cdh1-Plk1 axis controls the G2 DNA-damage-response checkpoint} ?
Tell me about the ring system of Jupiter?
Does the Scoville grade of the Carolina Reaper equal 1255440.0
What is the parent organisation of the label Wayfaring Sons?
What was the incident that involved record producer, Marma Veeran?
How is spinacia oleracea identified?
Who is the record producer of It Hurts Me Too?
What is libretto by Das Rheingold, which has a famous book called the Lohengrin?
Is the muzzle velocity of the AK47 less than 572
Was Antonin Scalia a student at Stanford Law School and Georgetown College?
Space Invaders is the developer of which video game?
Name a character created by Marvel Comics that contains the word "wolverine " in its name
Which is the posthumous work that was the notable work of Ludwig Wittgenstein?
What is the EGROKN ID of the Russian Museum?
who is executive producer of Bicycle Thieves ?
What is the geotope with the lowest topographic isolation whose country is Germany ?
Which is the ICAA film catalogue ID of Brokeback Mountain?
Which archipelagic state has the highest inflation rate?
What is the name of the of the balloon-borne telescope with the largest wavelength?
What position was held by Benito Mussolini that was later replaced by Luigi Federzoni?
What is the son of the sister of Asim ibn Umar ?
Who is the person in the head of the government of Rotterdam?
It is true that Harley Quinn's partner was Hal Jordan?
What is the genetic association for multiple sclerosis?
who subject of international law for office held by head of the organisation of United Nations Secretary-General?
Who is the{dynasty} for {family} of {Rollo}
What positions are help in the Achaemenid Empire?
whats the involvement of dutch east India company
What books are the Harry Potter movies based on?
What is the sister city of the Badminton World Federation in garrison?
What is the G-type main-sequence star for the parent astronomical body or Uranus?
Name a city in France that contains the word "éguilly " in its name
Which is the Prabook ID for Czesław Miłosz?
What is the aircraft family of Airbus A320?
Is it true that Warner Bros. Records was George Harrison's record label?
what is television in france  of regulated
Who is the publisher for Julius Streicher?
Who employed Gavin McInnes as a contributor?
Where are the headquarters of World Trade Organization located?
What is the diplomatic relation of Ireland, that has people of Chinese Canadian?
What series ordinal was given to Antonio Aguilar, given name José Pascual?
Tell me logarithmic unit whose name has the word trit in it.
What is the dispute between Judea and the Samaria Area over the country of Israel?
which conglomerate has the highest net profit?
I need to know the Argonauts' position.
What has a capital next to Francia?
What is the wing configuration of a fixed-wing aircraft?
Which is Who's Who in France biography ID for Michel Piccoli?
Was David Cassidy an actor and a singer-songwriter?
What sport is played for present at Harri Koskela ?
What is the geography of topic for human geography?
What is the award that Daniel McFadden got with James Heckman?
Who is the leader of the Indian National Congress
What years did Bernard Leach have a student named Peter Stichbury?
Which is the LAWA waterbody ID for Danube?
Tell me whether Sodium chloride is instance of Chloride ion?
What is the BWFbadminton.com player ID for Lin Dan?
Which sports league is the Romain Inex team a part of?
What is the town sister of Minsk where country seat is Urban okrug Bryansk?
What role did Jack Palance receive an nomination for Best Supporting Actor?
Which country was Eldar Ryazanov born in as he was born in Samara?
what is geometric concept contains the word space in their name
What is the continent for the Eurovision Song Contest with a timezone of Europe/Athens?
What is The Adventures of Tintin's country of orgin and the language used?
Who is the {human} with the {MIN(Erdős number)} whose {occupation} is {mathematician} ?
Which is the biological database for the location of Yale University?
What is PASE Domesday person ID for Edward the Confessor ?
When did Charlize Theron's relationship with Stuart Townsend end?
Name the standard mainland China character in the Table of Jōyō kanji with the highest stroke count ?
What is Robert Pattinson nominated for, because of his work in The Twilight Saga: New Moon?
Who is the {head of government} which {office held by head of government} of {Brussels} ?
What is the MASL of the place of the death of Ibn Taymiyyah?
Who maintains the termini of Aomori Prefectural Road Route 241?
For what language is the Diary of Anne Frank called Diario?
Heinrich Schütz holds the seat for which county?
What is the office of Martin S James's work?
WHAT ARE THE USES OF SEISMIC WAVE
which sports season has the highest points awarded whose participating teams is adelaide football club?
Which is the Roller Coaster Database ID for Universal Parks & Resorts?
What is  in the Dictionary of Swedish National Biography of Pär Lagerkvist ?
How many matches did Cafu play for Real Zaragoza?
Name a relativistic wave equation that contains the word " equation" in its name
Is the suicide rate Akita Prefecture less than 25.488?
What is the capital of Helsinki that is located in the administrative territorial entity of the Russian Empire?
Give the name of galaxy with less apparent magnitude and was discovered by William Herschel?
Is the torque of the NEMA 17 Stepper motor Model LDO-42STH47-1684A equal to 40.0?
Was Diane_Keaton nominated for Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Male Actor in a Leading Role  and  Broadcast Film Critics Association Award for Best Actress?
Did RitaHayworth had spouse Orson Welles and Prince Aly Khan}
What person who's a citizen of Romania has the highest EGF rating?
What is the total quantity produced by Fuji?
Which territory of Australia was replaced by the Northern Territory?
Vladimir Lenin is a member of which political party?
Which sports season organized by the Cyprus Football Association has the most participants?
When New Caledonia was given a seat on the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization?
Which online dictionary has the highest number of records?
Is Estonia the environmental code of Lake Peipus?
Who is the {theatre award} for {nominated for} of {Vanessa Redgrave}
What is tarragon's PalDat plant ID?
A marsh is what type of habitat?
Who is the nominee for Nirvana whose victor is Moby?
what is the class IIIA combustible liquid with the highest vapor pressure whose has part is chlorine?
Is it true that the disease burden of air pollution equals to 1001000?
Which is the chemical composition of drug used for treatment of Asthma?
Who is the chairperson of the Communist Party of China and who are his followers?
Which is the infectious disease that has effect on bacteria?
For what was The Weekend nominated in at Kiss Land?
Which is the capital of place of death of Mahatma Gandhi?
which record did pole vault hold and which is the height?
What is the artery of the has anatomical branch of trachea?
Who appointed Robert F. Kennedy yo U.S. Attorney General?
Who spoke in the historic period of Marcus Vipsanius Agrippa?
Is the arguement of periapsis of 1674 Groeneveld greater than 0.741504?
What are the institution of the European Union  which start with the letter s
Which tributary of the Neman River flows to the right?
Where is Jane Goodall's work located?
Give the largest block size of block cipher?
what is the MASL of the twin town of lasi?
What is the name of the Head Quarter's location for the International Tennis Federation, that is the county seat for Great Britain?
Which island uses the language Norwegian?
IS THE ALEXA RANK OF THE PLURK GREATER THAN 1307.2
What is on the shore of the Atlantic coastal plain with the Barranco de Tahodio tributary?
What is the genetic association of dental caries?
When did church building for patron saint of Anthony of Padua?
What writing system does Malayalam use?
What are the social skills which start with the letter s
Who is the role model of Henry Wadsworth Longfellow that is a member of Arte dei Medici e Speziali?
In the administrative territory of Volary, which Acer pseudoplatanus has the smallest perimeter?
Which of Charles Dickens' children is Alfred Lamert Dickens?
Who is the {port city} for {narrative location} of {Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Sea}
What is the biological phase for DNA replication?
What are Nigel Farage's political and religious views?
Is the pressure of the T-34/85 equal to 8.96?
Which nomination did Geraldine Page receive for her work in "You're a Big Boy Now"?
Are Mumbai and Los Angeles twin cities?
What is FC Barcelona's parent club?
Where in Belgium is the headquarters of the Council of the European Union?
who is the {elected in} for {David Lloyd George} that has {position held} as {Member of the 35th Parliament of the United Kingdom} ?
How many members were on Darren Bennett's teams?
How many Feast Days are for Athanasius of Alexandria?
For what movie was Anne Baxter nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actress?
When did Jane Goodall get married?
Was Audrey_Hepburn wears Caesar cut?
Did Pierre Trudeau hold the positions of Prime Minister of Canada and Minister of Justice?
How many nicknames are for {Larry Bird} ?
How many characters are in Os Lusíadas?
Is it true Ashton_Kutcher country of citizenship United States of America?
What did the software publisher Complete Psionic specialize in the field of action?
who type of quantum particle for discoverer or inventor of CERN?
When was Henri Moissan nominated for a Nobel Prize in Chemistry?
When did Frederick William, Elector of Brandenburg marry Countess Louise Henriette of Nassau?
Who is the central bank/issuer of Russian ruble?
WHICH IS THE PRIME NUMBER WITH THE MAXIMUM NUMERIC VALUE
What is on shore of Olympic Peninsula whose tributary is Maria Linda River?
Who is the architect for the Flatiron Building ?
"Which author of The Tragical History of Doctor Faustus, has a profession as an writer?"
What is NSK ID for Dario Fo?
Which major did Kenneth Arrow achieve at Columbia University?
What kind of pet has the least frequency of audible sound?
What is the color of the rail line that connects to Elbbrücken?
What characters are part of the series called A Fish Called Selma?
What is diplomatic relation for sovereign state of Jabalpur ?
When did Sheikh Mujibur Rahman become president of Bangladesh?
What is educated at Gene Amdahl for theoretical physics?
Is the Location Of Death of Pius VI located in Saint-Marcel-lès-Valence?
What is Francis Bacon's native language.
What is the gross tonnage of the Bluenose II, 191?
When was Ted Kaczynski educated at Harvard University?
WHICH IS ARCHON CODE FOR AMHERST COLLEGE
Which sovereign state is located in the administrative territorial entity of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa?
Was Steve Jobs a pescetarian?
Is the Euler characteristic of the genus-two surface less than -2.4?
What rugby team has the highest number of losses?
For what movie Alain Resnais was nominated to the César Award for Best Adaptation?
Which {MAMSL} {contains} {Sinaloa} ?
What W3C is recommended for the Hypertext Transfer Protocol?
"Which is {godmother} of {Camillo Benso di Cavour}, whose {craft} is {politician} ?"
Which river {is in} the Zanzibar Archipelago, that has a {tributary} on the [Athi-Galana-Sabaki River}?
Who is the sidekick of Superman
Name a scientist working in the microbiology field
What is the Autonomous University of Madrid's COAM structure ID?
What is the diplomatic relationship between Indonesia and Switzerland?
Which point in time for Charles Boyer has award received as Academy Honorary Award ?
What is ISC event ID for 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami ?
What genre of music did Exile incorporate?
Which station comes next to Gare du Nord?
Which book is Hillary Clinton popular for?
Which is the SRCBB player ID of George MIkan?
Who gave the {source of inspiration} of {characters} of {Les Misérables} ?
What is the sister town of the chef-lieu of the Qajar dynasty?
Who is the daughter of the co-founder of King's College London?
When was Taha Hussein nominated for the Nobel Prize in Literature?
Who is the wife of the musical score by Freddie Freeloader?
What was the strongest earthquake ever in Taiwan?
What is the  movement of the new religion Rajneesh
Who is the diplomat of Southwest China?
Which is the ISO standard for Pinyin?
In what NY neighborhood was Charlie Sheen born?
When was Terry Pratchett nominated for the Locus Award for Best Fantasy Novel?
What's the name of a type of dog with the word "toy" in its name?
Who is including my son?
Was Ronalinho a member of the sports team, Paris Saint Germain F.C.?
Where was Arcadius,which has a member of the council of Europe,born?
Is the density of the water less than 1.169832?
Impressionism has what kind of movement?
which valley starts with v
What is the prevalence of tuberculosis at Norway?
Which is the position which is the next lower rank to the cardinal and that starts with p?
To whom did Anna Karina marry and when was this?
Which is {tributary} of {next to lake} of {Spitsbergen} ?
Is it true that Jeremy Yablonski has not scored any goals in his career?
Who is {member of} of {land} of {Serie A} ?
What countries speak english?
Is the semi-major axis of 6635 Zuber greater than 1.51193832?
Who is the business owner of ARM architecture?
What is the scientific discipline of the person who discovered the asteroid '(229760) 2007 RM225'?
What is the bilingual inscription of Egyptian hieroglyphs for writing system
When was Jeanne Moreau nominated to the César Award for Best Actress?
How can you pronounce the administration route of cannabis?
When did Oulu begin serving as the head of government for Ilmo Paananen?
Is the partition coefficient water/octanol of dichlorodifluirimethane less than 1.728?
What is in the category of Henri Pirenne?
Is the prevalence of tuberculosis less than 5.16e-06?
Which carriers operate the Airbus A330?
Who is the {asteroid} for {followed by} of {Pluto}
Who was the head of the Inca Empire?
Which is the intended public of children's literature?
In the Star Wars universe, who is Princess Leia's child?
Who is Andriy Shevchenko's spouse and where did they get married?
Which is the Minitel code of the Associated Press?
What electoral district is Bob Hawke in and what is his position?
What timer home venue starts Montreal Canadians in Center Belly?
tell me alloy that name has the world zamak in it
Which is Yahoo! Japan Talent Database ID for Jimmy Connors?
What is the binary relation that contains the word subset in their name
Which is the Track and Field Statistics female athlete ID of Florence Griffith-Joyner?
What is the current translated edition of Tao Te Ching
What is the design of a Russian ruble?
What is the location of the Warsaw Pact HQ which has wards in the Yuzhnoye Butovo District?
What is the gender of Diana Ross, that is not a woman?
Which {function} is {treatment} of {postoperative complications} ?
What is the emergency phone number for Liberia?
What is The Dean's Answer to The Rebus know for?
What is the Lumiere Director ID for A'lex de la Iglesia?
When did Osamu Tezuka receive an Iwaya Sazanami Award?
Which member of the county seat is with Yaounde?
what is honorific prefix for John Chrysostom?
who is the member and student of Quincy_Jones?
Who is the manager of Josh Taves's team?
What is the La Vie des idees ID for Thomas Piketty?
Name a painting commisioned by Catholic Church
For what work was Kendrick Lamar nominated for at the BET Award for Best Collaboration?
Which is the record or record progression for decathlon?
What is the RPO ID for Bessie Smith?
What is the etymology of the Cooper pair that has a Nobel Prize in Physics nomination received?
Who has superpartner of muon?
What character did James Pickens play in Beverly Hills, 90210 ?
What is the name for someone who works in psychoanalysis
Which is Google+ ID for Federal Communications Commission?
Is the max capacity of the FAT32 2576980376.4?
What is the name of a market structure that starts with the letter o.
Which is commissioned by Sears?
Who gave the {head office location} of {graduated from} of {Lisa Harriton} ?
Who is thefor J's PhD student Oppenheimer Robert?
Does Santa Monica's tax revenue equal 44142068.6
What binary F-type main-sequence star has the slowest stellar rotational velocity ?
Which business is owned by the Empire State Building?
Who is via of Rio de la Pata?
What is the country identifier of the country's jurisdiction of Bush v. Gore?
What was Peter Fraser's job before being replaced by Walter Nash?
What is Ramsar Sites Information ID for Lake Chapala ?
What record label released the albums of Eminem ?
at what temperature do graphite sublime?
What is zenith of range for East Lake ?
Is 8.8 the slope of the El Dorado Speedway?
Who won the award for which Arthur Hunnicutt was nominated?
What is coordinate location of Mekong River that is applies to part of river mouth ?
Name te football team that was coached by tite and that contains the word "Brazil" in its name
Which is the songwriter of the Symphony No.3?
What is The Baseball Cube player ID of Honus Wagner?
who won by of honorary title of P. H. Newby ?
Which company developed Skype?
What is the first name of this person James Hargreaves?
What is the mean lifetime of a neutron?
IS THE ROTATION PERIOD OF 15 EUNOMIA IS GREATER THAN 7.2996
What is the name of the project affiliated with Harvard University?
What is the birthplace of the son of Louis IX of France?
In what year were Philip II of France and Isabella of Hainault divorced?
For what point Marc Chagall has received Erasmus prize award?
What is the Abrahamic religion of the Jewish people?
which is the {for work} for {Michelangelo Antonioni} that has {nominated for} as {National Society of Film Critics Award for Best Director} ?
Did William Henry Harrison hold the offices of Governor of Indiana and United States senator?
What is capable of inhibiting or preventing pathological process of treated by  bleeding ?
Where is the work location of Arturo Toscanini on Staten Island?
Who is the {book} for {author} of {Cheryl Strayed}
What are the programming language implementation that contains the word yarv in their name
What's the territorial entity and twinned administrative body of San Francisco?
What are the baseball teams that start with the letter A
What is the child astronomical body of Tau Ceti?
Is the shear strength of the thread-locking fluid less than .6?
Is the conversion to standard unit of the minute equal to .01666667?
What is Abu Hanifa Dinawari's field of this profession of botany?
Which is the bicameral legislature for the legislative body of the Kingdom of Great Britain?
Did Will Smith received a Grammy Award for best rap performance as a duo or group?
Which essential medicine has the most surface tension?
What infectious disease has had the most cases?
Is Dirk Nowitzki a relative of Martin Olsson and Marcus Olsson?
Which {tributary} is {outlet} of {Amazon} ?
Which work of Marlon Brando was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actor?
Which is the Paris Faculty of Letters professor ID in 1809-1908 for Émile Durkheim?
Which is the production statistics of Champagne?
Is the minimum age at which education is compulsory in Brazil equal to 8.4?
Which is the IPNI publication ID for American Journal of Botany?
What is the Digital Rights Management system of Madden NFL?
How many members are there for the United Arab Emirates} ?
who is the Christian chapel for patron saint of Anthony of Padua?
Name an alphabet based on Proto Sinitaic symbols that contains the word "alpahabet" in its name
Where is University of Colorado Boulder's administrative territorial entity?
What's the retirement age in Australia?
What is Guardian topic id of Ryan Giggs?
Which is the incarnation of Shiva?
Which is the end of work period for Joan Crawford?
What is the name of the parent organisation of alliance of Abu Musab al-Zarqawir?
Who was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Sound Mixing because of their work in Saving Private Ryan?
Does the LOHAS park station have less than 2.4 number of platform faces
What other award besides the Nobel Peace Prize did Shimon Peres receive?
What is the name of Neptune's moon?
Who influence of created by  Eldarion?
What does sociology teach that's said to be the same as sex?
Is the prisoner count of the Ebensee concentration camp equal to 27000?
What is IPNI writer ID for Jean-Jacques Rousseau?
Tell me government agency whose name has the word yuan in it.
What are the private university which start with the letter university
Who edited Francisco Jimenez de Cisneros that was published at Alcala de Henares?
Which extinct language is the indigenous to the Khazars?
Name a magazine that has a minimal amount of readership?
What is in the  OKPD code of the good or service of grapefruit juice ?
What is the street address of the headquarters of Netflix in Los Gatos?
What is BNE ID for Bo Diddle} ?
What is given name of Lajos Tihanyi ?
When did David Ben-Gurion become a member of the Knesset?
How many philosopher's are patron saint's?
Was John Mayer a singer and blogger?
What drugs are used in the treatment of malaria?
Where was Rock Hudson born and buried?
What tributary is the watercourse outflow of Po?
What are the ballet which start with the letter terpsichore
What is affiliation for Rostock ?
Who designed Fortran and won the Turing Award?
Name the successor of Tokhtamysh as Khan.
Is the mass of the Theta Centauri less than 3.2?
Is Katy Perry's family name Hudson?
What Alabama capital city is associated with the category People from Tuscaloosa, Alabama?
What is Turkmenistan short name in the emoji flag sequence?
Which is the SunshineTour ID for Gary Player?
Who is the {awarded} of {Le Duc Tho} whose {champion} is {Tunisian National Dialogue Quartet}?
At what age was the Sundance Kid when he married, and where did he die?
Name the Japanese television drama on the Doraeman network with the least seasons ?
Does Ibuprofen treat TMJ and enthesopathy?
Which is the Historia de la Medicina person ID of John Hunter?
Which country has the diplomatic relationship maintained with German Democratic Republic?
Which is the economic branch of the administrator of Waterfront?
Is the maximum duration of antimicrobial therapy for pediatric pneumonia 12
What region of Veracruz is the member from?
Who is the {version, edition, or translation} for {author} of {Salman Rushdie}
Who is the voice actor for Jill Valentine?
What university starts with the letter "u"?
What is Mount Baker's Bivouac.com mountain ID?
When did Novosibirsk stop being located in the administrative territorial entity of West Siberian Krai?
Name a crude drug in a monoclinic crystal form that starts with letter G
What gene is genetically associated with colorectal cancer
Which is the mountains classification of Chris Froome?
Which is the county seat for location of Lewis and Clark Expedition?
When did Belfast stop being part of the Kingdom of Ireland?
What business in the United States has the most registered users or contributors ?
Who was the replacement of U Thant as UN Secretary-General?
Which is the city of the United States for the twinned administrative body of Lahore?
wHAT IS CABBAGE ETIMOLOGY OF  OF OLYMPIC GAMES SEASON BEGINS ?
Which is the melting point of lindane?
Which federation has the largest Gini coefficient?
When did Lu Xun who was the spouse of Zhu An die?
When was Nelson Mandela Bay Metropolitan Municipality twinned adminsitrative in Gothenburg?
Tell me about socialist state for public holiday of Chinese New Year?
What is the board game with the highest number of minimum players?
who is the residence of rome?
what are the alloy which start with the letter z
When did Venice become the Republic of Venice?
When did Tianjin begin to have a twinned administrative body with Hakodate?
What diplomatic relation for Taiwan is covered by the Netherlands-Taiwan relation?
Was John Gotti convicted for obstruction of justice and tax noncompliance?
Who designed the Metropolitan Railway A Class?
Is Grand Theft Auto V part of the Grand Theft Auto series?
when are we going to see Jim Capaldi perform?
Who is the nominee for Celeste Holm whose winner is Beatrice Straight?
Who used tuberculosis as a murder weapon and was a sculptor of a pressure volume diagram?
Which group is healthiest according to Paulys Realenzykle?
Where was Pancho Vladigerov kept prisoner?
Was Lionel Richie or Peter Michael Escovedo Nicole Richie father?
How many subsidiary are European Union?
Which architecture firm of the California Academy of Sciences includes a member of the European Academy of Sciences and Arts?
What is executive branch of basin countries of Tigris ?
WHAT IS DEUTCHE ULTRAMARATHON VEREINIGUNG ID FOR DEAN KARNAZES
Which is the hydrological order number for Morava?
What's Janet Jackson's lyrics song?
Which is the Filmfare Awards given to winner Anil Kapoor?
What is the legislature of a Mexican state with the lowest number of constituencies whose instance of is unicameral legislature ?
What is the linguistic typology and status of UNESCO in the Spanish language?
WHICH REGULATES MOLECULAR BIOLOGY OF REGULATION OF GENE EXPRESSION
Who is the production designer of Alejandro Jodorowsky?
When did Debrecen stay in the county town?
Was Stevie Nicks a musical composer?
Did you trespasser incidents?
What's treated by or treats the disease of ether?
How many people commanded for the {Warsaw Pact} ?
what time is it in uppsala?
What is the work of Jackie Chan who was awarded as Golden Horse Award for Best Leading Actor?
What is Liam Neeson's Box Office Mojo person ID?
When did Harold MacMillan end his position as Member of the 38th Parliament of the United Kingdom?
What does the mascot of Iron Maiden represent?
Which are the symphtoms of Alfred Deakin?
Is Hrithik Roshan ethnic group of Gujarati people
Explain me that mutant which contains the word of wraith in their own name
Which is the State Catalogue of Geographical Names ID of Russia for Khanka Lake?
What is the dwarf planet with the lowest argument of periapsis whose instance of is asteroid ?
Who's craft is a model that is Jay Chou's consort?
Who is the student of Luke Skywalker?
When did Peter Singer finish his educated at the University of Melbourne?
Is the explosive velocity of picric acid equal to 8820?
What country is Salman of Saudi Arabia a citizen of?
which is the owned by and subsidiary of British_Airways ?
Which is the musical by the librettist Alan Jay Lerner that starts with the letter p?
What is it?
Is the autoignition temperature of the butan-1-ol less than 276?
Enlist the cited series of Star Wars Episode V: The Empire Strikes Back
What was the political party of Jefferson Davis?
When does the head of government of Seattle starts its work period?
What is the Baseball-Reference.com ID of Lou Gehrig?
Tell me mathematical notation whose name has the word schläfli in it.
What is the American Historical Recordings ID of the Bud Abbott discography?
How many goals/points have been scored by Valeriy Lobanovskyi of FC Chornomorets Odesa?
What is the the wikibase:geoLatitude ?min of the location of the discovery of neodymium?
What was St. George's religion and gender?
How many filming location were there for Saving Private Ryan?
Is the electrical conductivity of the Galinstan equal to 3460000?
What are the Harmonized System Codes for pocket watch?
What is the name of the language that uses the Vatteluttu alphabet script and is used by the newspaper Dina Thanthi?
IS THE SPEED LIMIT OF THE CIRCUM BAIKAL RAILWAY IS GREATER THAN 16.0
What is the subject of 'No One Left to Lie To: The Triangulations of William Jefferson Clinton' by Christopher Hitchens?
Tell me archaeological period whose name has the word stage in it.
Was O.J Simpson a member of the sports team Vikings?
Where did Joseph Pinetti, a member of the Central Asian Cooperation Organization (CACO), die?
Whatis the Wolfram Language code for Bachelor of Arts?
Which former British-dominated country has the highest retirement age as found in the Jewish Encyclopedia of Brockhaus and Efron?
Which is the Les Archives du Spectacle Person ID of Harold Lloyd?
What is the highest position in the Kingdom of Mercia ?
What is a cinematic technique that starts with the letter t.
Who is the contestant of the sequel of Superman IV: The Quest for Peace?
What is the article ID in the Canadian Encyclopedia for Iceberg?
Where is the place of burial and the birthplace of James Arness?
Which is the coordinate location for Saskatchewan?
Did Kajol receive the Filmfare Award for Best Film and Best Performance in a Negative Role?
Which is the total fertility rate in the history of Chile?
What was Ruth Gordon nominated for at the 20th Academy Awards?
What does Jules Rimet play whose executive authority is FIFA?
What era is the prequel of baroque music?
What is the seat of team member Shohei Yamamoto?
Is the event distance of the 20 kilometres race walk greater than 16.0?
What currency was used and where was the capital of the Roman Republic?
When was Johan Huizinga nominated for the Nobel Prize in Literature?
When did William McPherson Allen step down as Boeing's CEO?
Which  colours of team played for  Cédric Moukouri ?
Which ketone has the highest minimal lethal dose?
When did Erwin Rommel finish at Württembergische Sicherheitstruppen military branch.
What image does India have for Virat Kholi as a sportsman?
For what award was Terry Pratchett nominated?
What is the work of authors William Morris and Morris & Co.?
What was Warren Beatty nominated for in Heaven Can Wait?
Is Mary Ball Washington mother of George Washington?
When did Hannes Alfvén cease to be a member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Engineering Sciences?
Are the total points in the career of Mikko Jokela less than 0?
Where was The Dark Side of the Moon was recorded?
What head of national government is in the town of Narmada?
For what work was Tennessee Williams nominated for the Academy Award for Best Writing, Adapted Screenplay?
When did J. R. R. Tolkien win the Locus Award for Best Fantasy Novel?
What software does MS-DOS use?
who ZIP+4 of active in of david ricardo?
How many {numeric values} are there for {pi}?
When did R.E.M start with the record label Hib-Tone?
Is Nokia's operating income -1.1 billion?
David Ben-Gurion was the signatory of which historical document?
When did William Shatner marry Nerine Kidd?
Which is the Enciclopedia de la Literatura en México ID for Giorgos Seferis?
Where did Maximilien Robespierre attend school and what was his major?
What is the  working  for  Leonard Bernstein  as Academy Award for Best Original Dramatic or Comedy Score ?
Who is the biggest musical influence of Needles?
What is SureChEMBL ID for DL-fructose?
What is  in the panorama view of Jerusalem ?
What is the noble title of Louis II of Italy and who is he followed by?
Which is the crown colony of the British Empire that follows Hong Kong?
When did scholarly article for published in of Rolling Stone?
Who created the fictional universe of Doctor Doom?
What is the classification of the competition class in sports for the high jump?
Is the ionization energy of butanethiol equal to 9.15?
Which is the IMA Number, broad sense of diopside?
Which is solved by the Schrödinger equation?
Who is the developer of C?
Where in South Carolina was Melvin Purvis buried?
What are theOlympic sport which start with the letter weightlifting
What domain is doctoral supervisor of Yurii Vladimirovich Egorov?
What is the position of Alvaro Uribe in Colombia
In what year was Breakfast at Tiffany's nominated for the Academy Award for Best Original Dramatic or Comedy Score?
What is the name of the twin city of Oscia de Sus where Jacques Anquetil was born?
How many mobile country codes are in the USA?
Is the compressive modulus of elasticity of copper greater than 120.0?
Tell me holiday whose name has the word дан  in it.
Hristo Stoichkov is member of which sports team and how many total matches he played?
is the maximum frequency of audible sound of house cat equal to 64000?
What event in the Paralympic Games whose event producer chairman is Robert Steadward?
Did Lauryn Hill do disco and neo soul?
What is the lib.reviews ID for the Nintendo Switch?
What is coat of arms image of Liechtenstein ?
Whose {wife} {has sons} of {Cecil Coward} ?
When did Carrie Fisher get married to Paul Simon?
Did Mikko Lehtonen complete more than 2 total shots in their career?
When did Mexico City have Dolores Hidalgo Municipality as a twinned administrative body?
What are the khanate which start with the letter t
Which is a lifestyle of mysticism?
Which does not have part in air force?
What is Wang Yangming's Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosophy ID?
When did Linus Torvalds receive an honorary doctorate?
Tell me sex whose name has the word organism in it.
which record did pole vault hold and which is the height?
Which termini is connected with Tokyo Metropolitan Road Route 418?
What is the ID of the National Academy of Sciences Noam Chomsky?
Which is the J.League manager ID for Zico?
Which is the Guardiana ID for Dune II?
Is 509.6 the wingspan of the DH-4?
Tell me commandment whose name has the word tithe in it.
What is the native language of John Adams?
what is located in the administrative territorial entity for Huawei has headquarters location as Shenzhen ?
What is a mathematical model that starts with the letter t.
Who is Imran Khan's significant other, whose gender is female?
What kind of alkanol uses vinegar?
Which is the position played on team or specialty for long-distance running?
Which is the aircraft family that it is operated by Qantas?
What is the etymology of Lenz's law, that has crafted the university teacher?
Which are the characters of the edition of La Divine Comédie?
Who is the ancestor of the record producer from The Thrill Chaser?
Is Iron Maiden's genre considered thrash metal and traditional thrash metal?
What are the nonprofit organization which start with the letter v
What is the name for the residence of Thomas Jefferson
What are the effects on one's health when dealing with Alcoholism?
Which are the plays of the record producer of Your Man?
Which is the Nobel Prize People Nomination ID of Robert Lowell?
Who is the subsidiary company make the maker My Little Pony?
Is the median lethal dose of Benzene 12000?
What country does the Star-Spangled Banner originate from
Was Kublai Khan married to Chabi and Zhenge Khatan?
What is the Kaiserhof ID for Aloysius Gonzaga?
Who is the service operator of the item Avianca?
Give me a mobile operating system, that starts with an alphabet 'w'.
What is the Pinakothek ID for Lucas Cranach the Elder?
Which city is the twinned administrative body of Cardiff?
Which is the price for Coca-Cola?
Which sovereign states of the Panic of 1907 are boroughs.
How many electrical plug types are for Laos?
Tell me natural language whose name has the word thai in it.
Who is buried at the cinematography of the Bright Eyes?
What airline does Air India belong to
When did Reinhold Messner stop being Sabine Stehle`s partner?
What is the birth location of Barbara Liskov, the partner town is Tehran?
What is Marcel Duchamp's French Sculpture Census artist ID?
wich means {founding date}in the {editions} at{Microsoft Windows} ?
What was Louis the Pious' noble title and who follows?
Is 40.5 Australia's central government debt as a percent of GDP?
What is the start time for Liverpool, who also has Cologne as its twinned administrative body?
What toponym is the pan flute named after, from the time and legend of Dryope?
Name the position held by Mieszko when he is replaced by Boleslaw I Chrobry?
Does the time in space of Charles Bolder equal 40837?
Which is the AlloCiné film ID for Bicycle Thieves?
Who is the son of Maria Lorenza Berreneche?
What is the Badminton World Federation ID that belongs to Gao Ling?
Is the floors above ground of the Italian Hall equal to 2
Which is the mtDNA haplogroup for Alexandra Fyodorovna?
Give me the date of birth of Alcibiades before the Gregorian calendar date of 1584?
What Academy of Science is Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz the director of?
Which is the death place in Hattie Jacques having a sister city of Buenos Aires?
Which is the professorship of theology?
What is Loop ID for Simon Baron-Cohen?
What daughter has a brother of George Gould I?
What is the name of the mythical human-animal hybrid that was worshiped in Greek mythology that has the word "Minotaur" in its name?
"Which is {language of work} of {bey}, whose {typology} is {subject–object–verb language} ?"
Did Macau celebrate United States public holidays and Double Ninth Festival?
What is the name of an embankment dam that starts with the letter h.
Where was Alice Walker awarded a Bachelor of Arts degree?
What is the antonym of hypotension, which can be treated with esmolol?
who member of land} of lashkar gah ?
Tell me first-class city whose name has the word milwaukee in it.
When was George S. Patton awarded the Distinguished Service Cross and the Order of the Crown?
Name an instruction set architecture that contain the word " x87" in its name
What is the Brazilian Olympic Committee athlete ID of Ronaldinho?
What's the stock exchange for Toshiba?
Which ballet was composed by Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky?
What type of music is developed by Monopoly Star Wars?
Who replaced Martin Ryle as Astronomer Royal?
What is the TV Show hosted by Jerry Springer that contains the word " jerry" in its name ?
In what region was Norman Bel Geddes born?
What is the place of burial and the place of death of Joseph_Smith ?
What position of Pepin Herstal replaced Wulfoald?
WHICH IS THE ENERGY SOURCE OF REPLACED HAVRINGE UPPER LIGHT
At what point in time was Margaret Mitchell nominated for the Nobel Prize in Literature?
Who is the {Vidhan Sabha} for {executive body} of {Himachal Pradesh}
When was Bob Paisley a member of Bishop Auckland F.C.?
Which means{open period from} on{Monday} ?
What's the patent number for MP3?
What are the social skills which start with the letter w
"What is the topic of law containing large numbers, that has scholarly field for it's data?"
Give me the series ordinal for Chuck Berry has given name as Anderson ?
What is the name for the head of office in Barcelona?
Which is the VICNAMES Place ID for Bass Strait?
Is the units sold of Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone equal to 400000000.0
Name a color model that contain the word "hsv " in its name
:What city on the continent of North America is considered the twin town of Kraków?"
What is the Peregrine Falcon's Czech NDOP ID?
Johann Schelle is the professor of what literary genre?
Who is the team manager of Manan Sharma plays?
Who is the artist of Saturday Fever: The Original Movie Sound Track whose discography link is Bee Gees discography link?
Give the end time for lower Saxony has head of government as Christian Wulff?
Tell me fundamental state of matter whose name has the word solid in it.
What is distribution for My Little Pony ?
which is the {location} for {Joseph Raymond McCarthy} where {educated at} as {primary school} ?
What is the chromosomal genetic association of a migraine?
Which German Citizen has the best personal score?
Which is the Artsy gene for Cubism?
What is the national anthem of Nazi Germany?
Which bay of Valentia Island has the tributary Courantyne River?
what is position did Jose Sarney hold that was later taken over by Itamar Franco?
tell me social philosophy that starts with e
Which is the vehicle normally used for Railjet?
The maximum speed of a Typhoon?
What is Open Food Facts food category ID for Citrus ×paradisi ?
What is {contains} of {working environment} of {Frederick II of Prussia} ?
What is the twin city of Leeds?
How many numbers of the official symbol for the Quebec} ?
wich means{Total number of cases}that {suffers from} at{Giovanni Battista Pergolesi} ?
where is the industry and location of AVN_Award?
What is the atomic nucleus with the most sospin z-component whose follows is deuteron ?
What kind of specialty doctor diagnoses schizotypal personality disorder?
"What is the {domain} of {unconformity} which is {associated with} is {geologist} ?"
What is an interesting historical topic about Zambia?
What is a photographic technique which includes the word vignetting in the name
was tom_hiddleston getting place of birth at westminster?
What Academy Award for Best Original Score was Georges Delerue nominated for?
What is the total revenue for ExxonMobil?
when did Aemlius Papinianus die in relation to gregoria"s statement before 1584
Who replaced Isabel Martinez de Peron as the President of Argentina?
What is Kitaro's Myspace ID?
Give the name of the football tournament which has lowest score point in Uruguay?
Which Norwegian holiday commemorates the resurrection of Jesus?
What is Fedor_Emelianenko's member of sports team and the sport?
What is the twin town of Sakie Akiyama's birthplace?
How many architectural styles are detectable in the Peterhof Palace?
Which is the Courrier international topic ID for Nicolas Sarkozy?
What is the number for Moses Malone when he played for the Houston Rockets?
"Who is from Yes, and has a Ocean in the River Thames?"
"Which film director of Akira, has the first name Katsuhiro?"
Is this taxon is source of goji?
What national historic trails in the country of the USA have the word trail in their name?
Tell me the name of a high-rise building designed by structural engineer Atkins, and which starts with "a".
Is it true that the size of team at start of El Salvador at the 2004 Summer Olympics equals to 7?
What did Jean-Luc Godard receive a Honorary Cesar award for?
Which uncle did a tribute to Christ Church?
What diplomatic relation of Mauritius was the location of Daniel Dunglas Home's death?
Which is the Scottish Football Association player ID of Matt Busby?
Which is the Fashion Model Directory photographer ID of Richard Avedon?
Is Ibn Taymiyyah's place of birth the country known as Harran?
Which {subject has role} and the {significant drug interaction} of {Amphetamine} ?
Die Hard is the narrative location of what county seat ?
Which is {denomination} of {writers} of {Executive Order 3800} ?
Which is the ctext work ID for Romance of the Three Kingdoms?
For what Montgomery Clift nominated on the 24th Academy Awards?
Tell me fictional detective whose name has the word hydro in it.
What is in the category of Andrei Tupolev ?
Was Barry Kooser a film crew member on The Lion King?
What is the occupation that both Coen brothers have?
Which  bodies of water basin category of Peace River ?
What is Dirk Nowitzki's NBA I.D. ?
Who is the chairperson that is the member of the Football Association?
Is the diameter of the Adiri equal to 0?
Which means {location of formation} at {Apodaca} ?
Los Angeles is located in which county of California ?
What is the union for the galaxy group or cluster?
When did Dally Messenger join the Australia national rugby union team?
What is the name of the painting that depicts Jesus Christ
What state of Sud Chicas Province is next to Tarapacá Region?
"Which actor in The Godfather was educated at Hofstra University?
Mention the Wikimedia categorization related to the civilians of Manipur.
Is the number of speakers of Sanskrit equal 2654.4?
Is it true that the maximum operating altitude of the Airbus A400M equals to 11275?
What type kinship is a son-in-law?
What is the participant and member of XI Jinping?
Were Vincent Pastore and Peter Onaorati cast in the film Goodfellas?
What derivative of platinum is named after Francis Louis Sperry?
What is a time of day that starts with the letter m.
What is the MPH journal ID of American Journal of Botany?
Tell me mineral supergroup whose name has the word tourmalines in it.
What is the LSWR 177 class 2-4-0WT} with the lowest number of cylinders whose instance of is LSWR 177 class 2-4-0WT ?
Tell me time whose name has the word  prehistory in it.
What is SHARE Catalogue author ID for John Greenleaf Whittier?
What is the leader of the nominee for of The Lavender Hill Mob ?
Who played the role of wizard in the Harry Potter universe?
Which is the World Surf League ID for Kelly Slater?
Which is the audio pronunciation of Alfred Jodl?
How many electrical plug types are used for Saint Kitts and Nevis?
When did Pliny the Elder leave his position as Procurator?
Is it true that the employees of the European Movement Germany equals to 10?
Kurdish people are of what ethnic group?
Which Orly attach had the lowest amount of deaths?
What is the number of out of school children of decolonization of Asia continent?
Which is the CTHS person ID for François Quesnay?
What is the Christian name for Peter Garrett, it is said to the same as Petelo
When did country for sport of Michael Schumacher and start time?
What is the UltraSignup id for Dean Karnazes?
where is the head of government and head of state of Goa?
TELL ME INTERNATIONAL ORGANIZATION WHICH START WITH THE LETTER W.
What is Righteous Among The Nations ID for Raoul Wallenberg ?
What is the birth date of the book by Avenue Q?
Was Michael Bloomberg a residence in Medford and Allston?
Is Bhumibol Adulyadej the child of Sirikit and Chulabhorn Walailak?
Who is the {human} for {spouse} of {Sean Hannity}
What is the narrative location and genre of Hamlet?
give me the coordinates of the river mouth of the river Ganges.
What member of the board of directors developed the Mac OS X 10.1?
Tell me novella that starts with the letter t
What is the study of Kazimierz Nitsch's academic subject?
Was Petra an administrative body in Mada'in Saleh and Leskovac?
what is the life stance of Bantu People, that was established by Jesus Christ ?
What would be the penalty of blasphemy?
How many active ingredients are there in acetaminophen?
Tell me criterion of similarity whose name has the word number in it.
Who is the daughter of Olivia de Havilland who has a craft in journalism?
When did Alfred Dreyfus receive the award of Officer of the Legion of Honour?
How is RHO put together to form a Forward Strand?
What biological process is used for DNA replication
What is in the category of Hamburg?
Who was Louis Pasteur main influence ?
Can you tell me which dwarf planet with the largest argument of periapsis has a moon called Dysnomia?
What is the date indium was scientifically established?
What is the name of Ian Fleming's sister, whose language is English?
Who competed with Angela Merkel that also has agent Andreas Schwarz?
Who is the daughter of Louis IV, Holy Roman Emperor, that has a brother named Agnes of Bavaria?
Which is the depositor for United Nations Secretary-General?
Marge Champion's given name is Celeste in which series ordinal?
Which is the IAAF ID of Genzebe Dibaba?
What is Plymouth's IWM memorial ID?
Did Socrates marry Xanthippe and Myrto?
Which  is wing configuration of A-10 Thunderbolt II?
Did Nancy Kerrigan represent the United States of America in sports ?
Tell me what literary form has the word yuefu in it.
Is Diazepam used to treat epilepsy and epileptic seizures?
Which are the symptoms of intellectual disability?
Where did John Flynn, Minister of New South Wales, deceased at?
Which one is of the pasteurization?
Which is the constellation of Hercules?
What what is dead language has conjugation class Latin third conjungation and also which starts with letter i
Who is the judge of Nuremberg trials?
What is the name of the awards confered by Youtube ?
What town does Game Informer come from?
Tell me city of the united states whose name has the word washington in it.
Flickr is depends on software ?
When did Bank of America start the subsidiary Seafirst Bank?
Where is the administrative unit of {architecture of India}, whose {administrative centre} is {New Delhi}?
Does the apoapsis of the 3375 Amy equal 2.227?
How much is stated in Zaporizhzhya Oblast?
Dennis M. Ritchie developed which imperative programming language?
Who is the{SCO summit} for {participant of} of {Alexander Lukashenko}
Who studies professional canoeing?
What is the village of Ukraine with the maximum elevation above sea level whose located in the administrative territorial entity is Staryi Sambir Raion?
What is the name of the writing system of traditional Chinese characters?
Name a kingdom where Romanian is spoken
Which is the tributary over the Pont Neuf?
Which spacecraft Alan Shepard used in his astronaut mission?
What is the name of All_in_the_Family ?
Which locomotive has the most cylinders?
What was created in the headquarters of Dream Theater?
Is  the number of graves of the Argentine Military Cemetery equal to 237?
Tell me religious belief whose name has the word pacha in it.
What is the age of the oldest person to have an award?
How should you administer toluene ?
What position in public office did Joko Widodo hold?
Alan Shearer is the member of what secondary national association football team ?
who sister city of location born of Shawn Stasiak ?
Which is the FIH player ID of Luciana Aymar?
Which planet orbits Io?
How many items can the cook operate?
Name a concept studied by sociology that starts with letter S
In what year did Robert Falcon Scott receive a Scheele Award?
What is the cation with the lowest isospin z-component whose instance of is cation ?
Which kinship has the strongest family relationship degree?
How much percentage of water is located at the deathplace of Thomas Brackett Reed?
Mention the superhero character played in X-Men
Is it true that the limiting oxygen index of the nylon 6-6 is less than 31.2?
What was Thomas Steed's job?
Which muscle insertion is use over the rib?
What is the location of death of Antonio Canova, whose category of associated people is the Category: People of Venice?
What is it?
Which road leads to Seville?
Which works of Emma Watson have a Category II Filmiroda rating?
What is the flag crest of the state in which Lake Winnebago is located?
Where is Messier in the galaxy?
Is 0 the the number of houses of the Schuleroch?
What was Edith Head statement received as Academy Award for Best Costume Design, Black-and-White?
What is the speed of sound of liquid mercury?
What is the main food source and the locomotion means of Orangutan?
What is the wavelength of 2MASS?
What is the perimeter of Kahoolawe?
What is {Charles and Ray Eames} {recognition title} who is the {titleholder} of {E. Fay Jones}?
What arrondissement is the Waikato Region, the highest judicial authority in the Supreme Court of New Zealand?
What is the maximum lifetime of isotope of neutronium?
WHO IS THE POLITICAL LEADER OF ROBERT BORRIE?
What position did Benedict XVI hold, and who was his successor?
How many people did it take to develop Windows x86?
What award did Rakhee Gulzar receive for his work on Tapasya?
What is Smithsonian American Art Museum id for Louis Agassiz?
What language was spoken by Nathaniel Hawthorne that has a grammatical person in the third-person neuter singular?
Is the lowest atmospheric pressure of the Typhoon Nina greater than 1092.0?
Is it true Edward_IV_of_England child Elizabeth of York and Arthur Plantagenet, 1st Viscount Lisle?
Who is the characters Bowser as it is shown?
At what university did Newt Gingrich receive his Doctor of Philosophy degree?
WHICH IS THE F TYPE ,AON SEQUENCE WITH THE MOST ABOLUTE MAGNITUDE
What is the region of the Battle of Leipzig whose partner town is Lyon?
Is it true that the operating income of the AeroLogic is less than 9840000?
What are the social philosophy which start with the letter eugenics
What Uranus moon was developed by David C. Jewitt?
What network uses Internet Protocol version 4
Which musician of Deck the Hallas awarded the nomination for MTV Video Music Award in Online Artist catagory?
What is in the manifestation of Sleeping Beauty?
What is Tate artist identifier for William Etty?
Who is the{film} for {distributor} of {20th Century Fox}
Is the mortality rate of Finland 163.3
Who replaced Suharto as Secretary General of the Non-Aligned Movement?
What was the time when Henan had Zhengzhou as its capital?
Nigel Farage was employed by whom and until when?
What is editor for  Catherine II of Russia
Is the annual energy output of Walney Wind Farm equal to 1300?
Who is the chairman of the member of Gordon S. Wood?
Who developed Frogger?
what are the mineral species that contains the word zoisite  in it
I want to know what are the stories of the languages of Sara Montiel?
Who is Joe Dimaggio's brother?
Did Glen Campbell have the record label Motown and Liberty Records?
who is the father and child of Vince_McMahon?
Which is the religious text that follows the Exodus?
tell me hindu deity starts with y
Is the lower flammable limit of styrene less than 1.08?
When did Charles VII of France King of France
Henry II of France wore what kind of plate armor?
What is the Anime News Network anime ID of Nausicaa of the Valley of the Wind?
what is the original title of murder method in henry iii, holy roman emperor?
Tell me about the dialects of Tagalog.
What did Leonhard Euler provide to the fields of mathematics and physics?
What is the NE municipality code for Zaragoza?
What is the diplomatic relation of the basin countries of the Black Sea?
WHICH IS THE POINT GROUP PG QUARTZ
What is position held of Constans II that is replaces of Heraklonas ?
Is it true that the time-weighted average exposure limit of the cobalt is less than 0.04?
When did Maurice Sendak receive the Astrid Lindgren Memorial Award?
How many matches did Jock Stein play for what team?
Which is the YSO ID for Lesotho?
Who performed the role of fictional human for Ben Affleck}?
What star does Jupiter orbit?
Which automobile marque has the highest assets?
Name the mainland territorial place of Australia for substituting the Northern Territory
Tell me what human migration starts with the letter u.
what is input in work of  captain hook ?
Which  is alcohol by volume of absinthe} ?
Who invented the Hamiltonian mechanics that consisted the members of National Academy of Science?
Is the foreign direct investment net outflow of Belarus equal to 204800000?
What language does Miriam Makeba speak, that has a French influence?
What is the Filmweb.pl film ID of Mr. Smith goes to Washington?
What is fabrication method of The Ren & Stimpy Show?
What is the kinematic viscosity of sulfuric acid (H2SO4)?
What is the name of a data structure that starts with the letter t.
In the denomination of Sikhism, What is Martha's sainthood status?
Which is the original combination for Carcharocles megalodo?
which apple cultivar with highest shelf life?
Who is the mother of Herod the Great, who bore him as Herod Antipas?
Is the electric dipole moment of acetic acid equal to 1.74?
Which book publishing company is owned by the University of Oxford?
Which {artist} {precedes} by {Die, Die My Darling} ?
Which is {award received} of {Kailash Satyarthi} where {statement is subject of} is {2014 Nobel Peace Prize} ?
What was the daily newspaper for political alignment of Communist Party of the Soviet Union?
What is the Wikimedia list page for The Thinker
Which is the heart pulse found in the species of glycerol?
What is Art UK collection ID for National Gallery?
Name a film from musical artist Jubileum Volume I?
What is the smallest length suspension bridge in the People's Republic of China?
How many people occupy Windsor Castle?
who daughters of is daughter of Charles IV of Spain ?
Name a country involved in Korean War
Which is the MedlinePlus ID for anorexia nervosa?
What is the Sparkassen Cup with the lowest prize money whose instance of is Sparkassen Cup?
When did Hugh Grant received the Volpi Cup for Best Actor award?
Thomas Aquinas holds which position relating to his occupation?
What is Edward Snowden current job ?
What works did the sculptor Ebenezer Scrooge do?
Who played the wife of Basil Fawlty?
Which is the color for white?
Is the quantity of the borkumer Kleinbah Melitta equal to 1?
Where does Bern work at?
What was the attempted murder method used against Henry Clay Frick?
WHO IS LTHE FOUNDER OF SHAPUR II DYNASTY?
Who received the X-Men top dog nomination?
What astronaut mission of human spaceflight did Christa McAuliffe do?
When did Kevin Garnett receive the NBA Most Valuable Player Award?
Which word in the Bede language has a masculine gender language expression?
Which  is USNPL ID for Village Voice ?
At what point in time did Lois Lowry receive a Newbery Medal award?
What is Boléro dedicated to?
When Frédéric Mistral was nominated for Nobel Prize in Literature?
Who is the chairperson of the Communist Party of China and who are his followers?
Which is the record label as the record label for Linda Perry?
What are the components of the yeast, "Saccharomyces cerevisiae"?
is the effective firing range of SPG-82 equal to 220.0?
Is it true that the number of works on the Robert ap Huw Manuscripts is more than 36.0?
Is Shanghai twinned administrative body Basel and Porto?
Which means{International Weightlifting Federation ID} at the {Hossein Rezazadeh} ?
Which is the genetic association of the murder method of José Ferrer?
Who is the CEO of ExxonMobil?
When was Eric Piolle the the Head of Government of Grenoble?
What is NSW Heritage database ID of Sydney Opera House?
Which is the death place of Bjornstjerne Bjornson, that has local government areas in 11th arrondissement of paris?
When did position held of Charles Stewart Parnell and elected in?
How many discoverers are there of mathematical induction?
Which part of constellation orbits the Djorgovski 1?
Which is the gene that encodes the Insulin, isoform CRA_a and that contains the word ins in it's name?
Which is C-SPAN person ID for Slavoj Žižek?
How many are followed by the Kingdom of Georgia?
How many people in Japan are considered ethnic Japanese?
What rank of taxon parent is the barn owl?
Mention the chemical composition of water's conjugate acid.
Who co-founded the journal that published the University panel faults cloning co-author?
Which is the automobile marque for the business division of Ford Motor Company?
What area of Northern England has the greatest number of imports?
What is the overall motif of the painting "The Art Gallery of Jan Gildemeester Jansz"?
When was Jacques-Bénigne Bossuet the bishop of Condom?
WHICH IS THE TRIBUTARY OF OUTFLOW OF SENEGAL RIVER?
Name the island closest to the river mouth.
What is film ID of The Big Lebowski on Scope.dk?
WHICH IS THE FR SIRET NUMBER OF ECOLE POLYTECHNIQUE
Is the number of speakers of the Awakatek more than 21.6?
Who is film crew member for Alan Menken?
Does the electric charge of the Majorana Fermion equal 0?
Macauis located on what continent and in what country?
Who {has children} of {actor} {The Counterfeit Traitor} ?
What is name in official language for  part of constellation of Markarian 42} ?
What is in the category of Global Positioning System ?
Which Class IB flammable liquid has the most fusion enthalpy?
How make lakes are in Tagus river?
When did Josephine Baker become a citizen of France?
Is the electronegativity of gallium less than 2.172?
Which is the Croatian Olympic Committee athlete ID for Ivano Balić?
What is used to make the product, Cessna Model A?
What is Andrei Tarkosvsky's cause of death, which included signs of weight loss?
"What is {namesake} of {Diffie–Hellman key exchange}, which has {prize awarded} is {Computer History Museum fellow} ?"
Who is the leader of Mossad ?
What is the alkane with the safety classification and labelling of NFPA 704: Standard System for the Identification of the Hazards of Materials for Emergency Response and which has the word "propane" in its name?
which aircraft family has the lowest highest glide ration whose instance of is aircraft family?
What is  the synonym  name of found in species of vascular tissue ?
What is the regulatory body of the signed language of Ramon Berenguer IV, Principe de Aragon y Count of Barcelona?
Is Andres Pastrana Arango the current holder of the presidency in Colombia?
What is the topic's main template for international trade?
What award did Ravi Shankar receive for The Concert for Bangladesh?
What is the etymology of Laplace transform whose place of death is Paris?
For what work did Dalton Trumbo receive the Academy Award for Best Story nomination?
Which is the monogram for Charles II of England?
Which is the time period of Menander I?
What is Karl von Frisch's Catalogus Professorum Rostochiensium ID?
When did Silvia Nedi become join the team SC Klinge Seckach?
What are the national library which start with the letter library
What is the temperature of lake Valletta?
What is The Vogue ID of John Galliano?
How long has Kharkiv Oblast been located in Ukraine?
What destroyer has the largest draft?
In what division of MLB is the team owned by Branch Rickey found?
Does the municipal chamber of Sao Bernardo do Campo have 0 constituencies?
What body of water is Warsaw near and in what is the time zone?
What are the sculptors of Patrick's Staycation/ Walking the Plankton ?
Does the Peugeot 107 have a wheelbase that is equal to 2340?
What is HPIP ID for Elmina Castle ?
What is Daniel Ellsberg's NYRB contributor ID?
Tell me a human who may be fictional that has the word cech in their name.
What is in the category of queue ?
Name the water body comprised of the Paramaribo
At what summit did Donald Trump participate in?
Tell me a specialty that starts with the letter w.
Is the vehicle range of the Airbus A380 less than 12160.0?
Which quantum particle with the subclass of lepton has the fastest magnetic movement?
When did Alexios I Komnenos become the Byzantine emperor?
what is book of the bible starts with s
Which is the muscle origin for human mandible?
What is United States Secret Service Jurisdiction and the office held by the head of it?
What is the health specialty and medical examinations needed for Colorectal cancer?
Who was the sibling of Silvio Berlusconi?
who is investor of Lawrence Summers ?
What is the country of origin and language of work of Catch-22?
What what is American football team home venue Soldier Field and also which starts with letter c
Who is the founder of Alexander McQueen?
Which is the BCU Ecrivainsvd for Hugo Pratt?
Were Turkic languages official language of Uyghur people in Mongol Empire?
What platform did whistleblower Julian Assange use?
What is Danish Bibliometric Research Indicator level for the Lancet ?
what is the solid solution series of dolomite?
Tell me aspect of music whose name has the word phrase  in it.
Christmas occurs on which day every year and by what is it then followed?
What are the studies of natural science ?
What is the tributary of the bay of Santo Domingo?
What was the last year that Charlemagne and Desiderata of the Lombards were married?
Which is the Thesaurus For Graphic Materials ID of brooch?
What is the treatment and result of hepatitis ?
When did George Weah start playing for the Al Jazira Club?
Which is the net profit for SAP SE?
What is National Heritage List for England number ofPalace of Westminster ?
Which metropolis did Aung San Suu Kyi live in?
What is Laut.de artist ID for Blondie?
Which is the Iconclass notation of the aquarium?
what is Colorado Sports Hall of Fame ID forJack Dempsey
What does the Avion represent in the context of the Georgetown University?
What is SBFI occupation code for truck driver?
What is GujLit ID for Mahatma Gandhi?
Who created Batman ?
Tell me me a ethnic group whose name consist of the word "sioux" and whose language used Sioux
What award was bestowed upon Peter Scholze as a fellow?
Is the total liabilities of the Dalmoreprodukt equal to 1477000000?
where is located on island for extreme point highest of Cook Islands ?
What is sports season of league or competition for college football ?
Which means {armament} from {grenade} ?
When did Casey Affleck receive a nomination for Best Supporting Actor?
What is the geographic region with the highest number of out of school children whose part of is Asia ?
Which  is origin of the watercourse of Mittelland Canal ?
What is the inverse of pleasure whose treatment is topiramate?
"What is {is in the Indian reserve of} of {Fujian}, which has {borders} of {Afghanistan} ?"
What is the country with the highest median income whose member of is United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization ?
Who was the winner of the Arlene Raven Award that was bestowed by the Women's Caucus for Art?
Is the apparent magnitude of the Crab Nebula equal to 6.72?
who archipelago for official language of norwegian?
is iPhone XR carbon footprint less than 91.2?
Which is the evaluation of the pulse?
What are the signs of the afflictions of phosphine exposure?
What are the  railroad line which start with the letter s
Name an free application written in PHP.
Which is the hymenium type of Shiitake mushroom?
Alan Shearer is a member of which sports team and how many matches did he play?
Whicn means {parent of this hybrid, breed, or cultivar} originated {Oryza sativa} ?
What is Arminius' middle name in Latin script?
What circumstances caused Henry II of England to step down as monarch of England?
Which minor locality is the largest?
Is Oksana Grigorieva Mel Gibson's wife?
Are there 2 parts to the work of art, "Schwanda the Bagpiper"
Septuagint is an edition of which literary work ?
Which is the number of pages for The Tale of Peter Rabbit?
When did member of sports team of Andriy Shevchenko and number of matches played?
how many holidays does isreal have?
Mention the language spoken and understood by L. Ron Hubbard
What is the group of chemical substances with the lowest ultimate tensile strength whose topic's main category is Category:Nylon ?
What was the award received by Peter Carey for work in the Miles Franklin Litererary Award?
What was Scott Rudin nominated for for his role on The Social Network?
What is the subitem of the history of Indiana that is bordered by the state of Michigan?
What position held by Fritz Lang was succeeded by Olivia de Havilland?
Which is the radius of Earth?
Tell me hypothesis whose name has the word substratum in it.
What is the {medical treatment} and the {symptoms} of {Ebola_virus_disease} ?
Which stratovolcano has the most topographic prominence?
What are the notable books of Francis Ford Coppola that has received nomination in Academy Award for Best Writing, Adapted Screenplay?
What is  in the TLG author ID of Thucydides ?
Name the inventor of deuterium who worked at Columbia University.
What are the flim production company which start with the letter t
What type of topic is based in Watsons, Ontario?
Jim Henson was the director of which film?
What type of quantum particle is a photon?
What professional sport does Kristi Yamaguchi participate in?
Was Benedict Cumberbatch nominated for an Evening Standard Award?
What is the language official for Caucasian Albania , that comes before Persian?
Who is the co-driver for Sébastien Ogier?
Which chemical compound has the highest global-warming potential?
What is Scottish poetry library ID for James Hogg?
Which is the unity of energy that contains the word zettajoule in it's name?
Is the refractive index of silver chloride equal to 2.0224?
What is the start time for Axel Springer, husband of Martha Else Meyer?
The conjugate acid of ammonia has what chemical compound?
The vici.org ID of Palmyra is?
Which is the Species Profile and Threats Database ID of numbat?
What was the discovery of permaculture?
Which London District Line staion has the least number of passengers
What is the administrative region of William M. Bass?
What is the MoMA artwork id of the wine glass?
What is USATF athlete ID for Ashton Eaton ?
Where is the burial place of Anthony of Padua?
What is Rfam ID for transfer RNA ?
When did Gerard Reve receive the Prijs der Nederlandse Letteren?
What is the administrative centre of the Kingdom of Pontus?
Tell me the name of armed forces which starts with "w"
Which constellation includes the star NGC 6723 ?
What size is the town where Rashi lives?
Landon Donovan belongs to which sports team and how many matches did he play for them?
What disease was treated with niacin that was used for treatment of cerivastatin?
When was Vladimir Vasilyev appointed as head of government in the Republic of Dagestan?
Which is the FACR player ID of Josef Bican?
What is the main activity of Harman International Industries?
Which BAFTA award did David Fincher receive?
Tell me the version, edition or translation that starts with "K".
What is the citizenship of Henry Cavendish whose end cause is Acts of Union 1800?
What is the file extension for Prolog?
What is Vision of Britain place ID for Isles of Scilly ?
What is the name of the United Methodist Church's cemetary?
What illness did Lee Marvin die of which had symptoms including nausea?
Who replaced Jose Mujica as President pro tempore of the Union of South American Nations?
What is the conjugate acid of nitric acid?
What oath did Aleksandr Medved make?
Who is the diplomatic relations citizen of Kitty Wells
What agent participated in the conflict of Lajos Morocz?
What type of destruction does a flood cause?
Give the type of quantum particle with the lowest gyromagnetic ratio which has weak interaction?
What was Charles Barkley award received for All-NBA Team?
What was Gianluigi Buffon`s point score for Italy`s under-23 football team?
What is number of seats for United States House of Representatives ?
What is the shortest duration color film?
Which golf course with the highest par is in California?
Wade H. McCree replaced Robert Bork in which position?
What genre does David Blaine work in?
What is the average weight of people from Montreal Canada?
derive me that wikimedia set index article which starts with the letter t in it.
What is in the category of infrastructure?
What is the informed by of the film script by The Elevator?
What is the by-product of combustion?
What is Marine Regions Geographic ID for Timor Sea?
Which is the outcome of using treatment for chemotherapy?
Does social work require an education?
Give me the highest clock speed of chip on the system ?
Name the ship that the Dutch East India Company manufactured?
Which is the gene for the genetic association with lung cancer?
What is the headquarters of the International Hydrographic Organization that has mayor Serge Telle?
When did Mahmoud Abbas begin his job as the President of the State of Palestine?
Is the female population of the Yerranderie equal to 0.0?
Was Helen_of_Troy spouse Paris and Pandarus?
Who is the head coach of Arsenal F.C.?
Which boroughs was the birth place of Zhao Tuo?
What are the religious text which start with the letter tohorot
When was Saddam Hussein educated at Cairo University?
What are theartistic theme which start with the letter t
What is Wikipedia's F-Droid package?
Is Steve's specific age inside the fictional universe 18?
What group or class of chemicals has the greatest tensile strength?
Where was Constantine the Great born, and where did he die?
What is the award of Al Gore whose 1st place medalist is David Trimble?
Is water density more than 1.1998074?
In the Mauna Kea Observatories, which asteroid had the maximum radius?
"Where is {location born} of {Mark the Evangelist}, which has {timeline of topic} is {history of Palestine} ?"
Is the maximum frequency of audible sound of the sheep less than 24000.0?
WHICH IS THE WEB SEARCH ENGINE THAT STARTS WITH Y
Did Colin Farrell receive his education at Quinnipiac University School of Law?
What is Park Geun-hye real name, who wrote in Hanja?
Is it true Tsunami has cause landslide and Little Boy ?
What is vehicle normally used for Convertible ?
which is the pronounciation audio  of ingredient of marmalade?
Is the flash point of lead azide more than 396.0?
When was the University of Leeds known as Yorkshire College?
Who is Ferdinand II of Aragon's son-in-law?
Which is the HelveticArchives ID of Glasgow?
Are the ballots cast in the Catalan regional election 2015 in Pontons more than 225.6?
What is felix baumgartner redbull athlete id?
What are the based on and the influenced by of Linux?
who is marry accused of Kirkorov vs Aroyan Scandal?
What is AniDB ID for Cowboy Bebop?
Which is the Nederlands Soortenregister ID of Castor?
When was Sevastopol placed in the administrative territorial entity of Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic?
What award nomination did Nick Park receive for the 66th Academy Awards?
Which are the characters for Tosca?
What is the published in journal of the bibliographic citation of The Five Marks of the Mental.?
When did Zeppotron produce Black Mirror?
What is the first name of Jerzy Rubach, that is equivalent to the Gorch?
Sovereignty has taken on a different meaning with the development of the principle of self-determination and the prohibition against the threat or use of force as jus cogens norms of modern international law. The United Nations Charter, the Draft Declaration on Rights and Duties of States, and the charters of regional international organizations express the view that all states are juridically equal and enjoy the same rights and duties based upon the mere fact of their existence as persons under international law.[8][9] The right of nations to determine their own political status and exercise permanent sovereignty within the limits of their territorial jurisdictions is widely recognized.[10][11][12]

In political science, sovereignty is usually defined as the most essential attribute of the state in the form of its complete self-sufficiency in the frames of a certain territory, that is its supremacy in the domestic policy and independence in the foreign one.[13]
Did {J._Edgar_Hoover} is {educated at} {The Catholic University of America} and {George Washington University Law School} ?
What genre is Rear Window?
Where did the head of national government, Jan Dismas Zelenka, die?
How much did Richie McCaw score and what team did he play for?
name a child of Leif Erikson
Is the power consumed by the Montmartre funicular 129000?
Tell me the medication used for the treatment of post-traumatic stress disorder.
Is it true that the total debt of Accor is greater than -100800000.0?
What genetic association with type I hypersensitivity has ortholog of abl2?
What is the total exports for Northern England?
What is the same as a Christian?
Which is the Infopatrimônio ID of Estádio do Maracanã?
What are the album which start with the letter w
What character in Lawrence of Arabia is played by Jack Hawkins?
What is the occupation of William Shakespeare?
Which is the hair color for orange?
WHICH IS THE BOOK WITH MAXIMUM NUMBER OF PARTS OF A WORK OF ART
What is the stop of the genetic association of Parkinson disease?
What serial number the award received by Semyon timoshenko as Order of Victory?
ASEAN is an organisation located in which area of the world ?
Who {has sons} of {son of} of {Fu Xi} ?
does the HD 40307 stellar rotational velocity equal 3?
How many producer for Gladiator?
Is the number of points/goals/sets scored by the 2007 UEFA Futsal Championship more than 66.4?
Which is the animation technique of the facet of 3D animation software and contains the word animation in it's name?
In what year did Edred of England end the Kingdom of Wessex?
what career did newton Morton choice.
What is part of the administrative unit of Cascade Range, which includes the rural cities of Wahkiakum County?
Who is the {anion} for {conjugate base} of {sulfate ion}
With states of the Golyanovo District, what is the seat of the KGB?
Who is alma mater of music score by Holly Hobbie and  Friends surprise Party?
Which is the video of Glenn Greenwald?
What is the Haumea minor planet group?
Conjugate base of sulfate ion?
Which is the nation of Nineteen Eighty-Four for present work of the Nineteen Eighty-Four?
what is day in year for periodic occurrence for easter?
how many charges does nuremberg trials have?
Was Babylon the capital of the Achaemenid Empire and  the Neo-Babylonian Empire?
Is it true that the aftershocks of 2017 Jiuzhaigou earthquake are equal to 1392.8?
What was the statement subject of Jack Lemmon at the 35th Academy Awards?
Tell me about the river located in or next to body of water in Munich.
What was the epidemic in Sierra Leone that had the least number of cases?
What character in Ben-Hur was played by the voice actor Jean-Claude Michel?
What is the OpenSecrets ID for Hillary Clinton?
What commandment starts with the letter "t"?
What is the Crunchbase person ID for Rihanna?
Who is the life partner of the brother Janet Auchincloss Rutherfurd?
What are the {signs} that {led to} {Aldrin}?
Which is the public domain date of the Eiffel tower?
What is the alphabet of Sumeria that has been discovered by Sumerians?
Is it true that the number of the participants of the 2011 Women's Six Nations Championship are equal to 6?
When did Óscar de la Renta Fiallo have citizenship in the Dominican Republic?
What is the desired interest rate of the Federal Reserve?
Tell me who translated the Tractatus Logico-Philosophicus.
What is the notation of character encoding?
Amtrak operates which train service?
When did Allen Iverson begin playing for the Philadelphia 76ers?
Were Garuda Indonesia and Saudia operators to Boeing 747?
Name the tributary that flows form the harbour at Guangzhou
What is the rank of food made from artichoke?
how much facet is needed for gravity?
Who are the inhabitants of the sovereign state of Ulhasnagar?
Which is the Italian Chamber of Deputies dati ID of Silvio Berlusconi?
What are the {transliteration for the {Zhongshan} ?
Is it true that the compulsory education for the minimum age in Hungary equals to 3?
When did Tokyo become the twin city of Moscow?
What is the narrative time described by the work of William Weatherall Wilkins?
When did Pierre-Auguste Renoir end his residence in Limoges?
Which was the working place established by Eric Johnston?
When did head of government of Seattle and work period (end)?
How many filming locations are in the movie Lawrance of Arabia?
What is butane's upper flammable limit?
For what John O.Aalberg was nominated for in It's a Wonderful Life?
What is the human population of the twin town, Tucson?
Which is the ARKive ID for Nelumbo Nucifera?
is it true that the HD 113538 c of the M sin i equals 0.36?
What books did Charles Dickens write?
Which is the USB vendor ID for Toshiba?
Which is the location of birth of Irina Slutskaya, that have event of death by burning?
which record did pole vault hold and which is the height?
how many officers are there for the united nations secretary-general?
WHICH IS THE MOTIVATION PARTY OF WARSAW PACT INVASION OF CZECHOSLOVAKIA
What is Assam's legislative and executive body?
When was The Matrix awarded the National Film Registry?
Is Russia's total exports 333500000000?
What is the literary work that stars The Cider House Rules?
When was Jean Renoir nominated for the BAFTA Award for Best Film?
Is it true that the fiscal/tax revenue of Daguioman is less than 40873085.264?
What is the trend studied by Dardanus of Athens?
Which greek deity appears as Artemis
What actor in Downtown Abbey is of male gender?
How many connecting lines are there for the Channel Tunnel?
Who is the first minister of Hama?
which railway company in transport have least operating income?
What is Judaism?
Tell me about member of sports team of Lionel Messi and number of matches played?
When did Britney Spears and Jason Allen Alexander get married?
What is the  material  developed by McAfee VirusScan ?
What is the Gaming-history identifier of Xbox?
How many participate in Ronaldinho?
Where did Akhenaten die?
where is the country  and the continent of brussels?
How many were injured in the Second Italo-Ethiopian War?
Which sociolect is a dialect of British English?
Which is the French National Assembly Lobbyist ID for SNCF?
What is the { time point } for { Peter Jennings } as { Disney Legends }?
Was the Magna Carta written in Latin?
What is the dredger with the highest payload mass?
What is the post of Clement Attlee and when he was sworn in?
Tell me the road bridge which contains the word viaduct in it's name?
What country in the Western Hemisphere has a village named Ingeniero Moneta?
What is the oxide relation to MIN(heat capacity) whose permanent duplicated item is ERROR1?
What county seat of Lilongwe is divided into the Lilongwe District?
Is it true that the matches/games drawn/tied of the 1891 British Lions tour to South Africa equals to 0?
Who is the  {legal case} for {defendant} of {Bill Cosby}
What award was Marisa Tomei nominated for on her work "Before the Devil Knows You're Dead?"
What is the Wii Remote input method extension for Wii?
Which is the sovereign state for the history topic of Australia?
When was François Truffaut nominated for National Society of Film Critics Award for Best Screenplay?
When did the IUCN conservation status of the Thylacine change to extinct?
What is the next of middle age whose period is List of the verified oldest people?
Tell me non-metropolitan county whose name has the word worcestershire in it.
When did Kevin Durant receive the All-NBA Team award?
Which is {located at street address} of {burial place} {Alessandro Moreschi} ?
Is the parity of the arsenic-84 equal to -1?
What are the first aid measures for mercury poisoning?
Who was Max Planck's assistant?
Which is the archINFORM ID projects for Yosemite National Park?
Which Jade Emperor that married Nuwa had a child?
Which is the tributary for Euphrates?
Where are Attila's place of birth and place of death?
Is the net tonnage of the MS Nordlys less than 3322.4?
What is pronunciation of the word fish in American English?
What is the human with the highest Elo rating whose sport is chess?
Who are the founders of Symantec, that have the surname Hendrix?
What is the coordinates of southern basin countries of the Columbia River?Wh
What is the name of a government agency that starts with the letter y.
How many destinations does Voyager 2 have?
Who is the candidate present with Tatiana Tarasova?
Does gonorrhea affect more than 654175.2 people?
What is the Barbarian R.C. ID for Serge Blanco?
Name an alcohol that contains the word "ether" in its name
Tell me the historic county of England of the capital of Norwich and that contains the word norfolk in it's name?
What's part of the I Second That Emotion series dubbed?
What kingdom starts with the letter "z"?
What is the Royal Aero Club Aviator's Certificate ID of Charles Rolls?
When did Benjamin Howard Baker leave the sports team Everton F.C. ?
how many programming languages does the ios have?
What team is Dino Zoff a member of and how many matches has he played?
Is Isaac Newton born in Westminster Abbey?
Name a film David Spade voice acted in.
Is it true that the male population of the Top Springs equal to 0?
Tell me  a private university whose name consist of the word university and whose scholarly publishing and academic resources coalition
What is the birth place of John Perry Barlow?
which office building has the highest floors below ground?
What was the dialect used in the original "The Last Blood".
What is the opening day of the school attended by Louis Brassin?
Which is the PEGI rating for Wii Sports?
What are the Bantu languages which start with the letter zulu
What Class IB flammable liquid has the highest ceiling exposure limit?
What is the first name of Channing Tatum that is the same as Matthias?
VAT rate of 27%,
Was Scooby-Doo genre horror film and science fiction film?
What taxon do watermelons belong to?
What is the terminus of the Menai Bridge
What was the award received by Lee Marvin for his work in Cat Ballou?
Who is the person that is depicted as Mona Lisa?
What are the season which start with the letter w
Tell me the citation of Childhood obesity: are we all speaking the same language?.
What are the { replacements } for { Mohammad Mosaddegh } as { Prime Minister of Iran }?
What is the prefecture of Japan that contains administrative territorial entity of Osaka
who inhabitants of suspect of battle of franc ?
What position does Pius VII hold?
What's the most common type of paper?
Where can beryllium be found, that has diplomatic relation in Romania?
What place is bordered by the kingdom of Castile, whose official language is Spanish?
How long it the Jurassic Park game take to complete?
What is the Elite prospects ID for Ray Bourque?
What is the BOA athlete ID for Alistair Brownlee
Which is the parent astronomical body for Beta Pictoris?
In the specialism of Astronomy, who discovered NGC 6302?
WHICH IS THE SUBSIDIARY COMPANY OF SHAREHOLDER IN THE ECONOMIST INTELLIGENCE UNIT
Which is the LRB contributor ID for Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie?
What is the legal state with the lowest VAT-rate whose head of state is {Horst Köhler} ?
Who gave the{academic discipline} of {mentor} of {Hermann Lotze} ?
What is the name of the film starring an actor from The Big Lebowski and has received awards from the British Academy of Film and Television Arts?
Is the refractive index of water equal 1.33298?
Is the fiscal/tax revenue of Del Carmen greater than 55486688.456?
On what date did Almohad begin?
In the languages of expression of Cormac McCarthy which cases are known as the genitive case?
Was Cristiano Ronaldo participant of División de Honor Juvenil de Fútbol?
Who gave the   {human population} of {continent} of {ghetto in Nazi-occupied Europe} ?
What song is Andrew Lloyd Webber the composer of?
Which taxon has the largest basic reproduction number?
What biographical articles does the Library of Congress of Chile have about Bernardo O'Higgins?
What is Sagrada Familia's Inventari del Patrimoni Arquitectonic de Catalunya code?
Which is the possible medical findings of hypertension?
What is the anatomically connects with the esophagus
Who is {is in the village of} of {borders} of {Terni} ?
Which cast member from The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy played the role of Ford Prefect?
What is the featured work of loyalty by Cu Chulainn?
When did Annibale Carracci start teaching Antonio Marziale Carracci?
Who died in Francois Villon, which has diplomatic relation with Germany?
Was Grace Kelly born in Philadelphia?
The Maurya Empire covered which modern-day countries?
When was Wayne Gretzky inducted intot the Hockey Hall of Fame?
What did the workplace of Billy Hill and Hillbillies make?
What depicts a sauna?
Is it true that the Postclassical Era is relative to eastern Mesopotamia?
Was Jerry Lee Lewis' record label from Philips and Smash Records?
What is  award received  from Henrik Pontoppidan that is  together with is  Karl Adolph Gjellerup ?
Tell me Class II combustible liquid whose name has the word toluene in it.
Does Alloy 718's Poisson's ratio equal to .32?
Which is the place of work of August Sander that has executive power headed by Ernst Schwering?
Tell me revolution which contains the word o revolution in their own name
What is the FAA airport code for Los Angeles International Airport?
What is the chemical compound of erythromycin when interacting with a significant drug?
Who is the family and father of Rollo?
Who wrote the novel known for politics and the English language, "1984"?
What is the diplomatic relation of the land of Ujjain?
Which is the Danish urban area code for Odense?
Are Berliner Volksbank's net profits equal to 19,700,000?
Which is the Commonwealth realm for the anthem of God Save the Queen?
what is the biggest village that belongs to muchinigi puttu
what is branch of biology that starts with z
Who is the chairperson of the U.S. Department of State?
Which is the gene for the genetic association of schizophrenia?
Tell me vocal group whose name has the word willows in it.
What editions of the content license are PLoS ONE?
Where does the holder of the position of Lech Kaczynski live?
What was Maggie Cheung's statement of subject when she was nominated for the Cesar Award for Best Actress?
Name the most used railroad run by the Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority?
w
Is it true that the points awarded of 3-2 sets are greater than 2.4?
What film series does Plane Daffy star in?
Who is the author and publisher of Grand Theft Auto V?
Was Machu Picchu part of the Inca Empire?
What is SBN author ID of Beiamino Gigli?
WHO APPEARS TO BE THE MOVIE DIRECTOR OF THEODOROS ANGELOPOULOS?
When did head of government of Seattle and work period (end)?
What is the salinity of the Baltic Sea?
What is the IOC code for Country Gabon?
Is the size of the team at the start of Burkina Faso 2016 Summer Olympics greater than 4?
Who replaced Humayun as the emperor of the Munghal empire ?
Which tank locomotive has the highest number of cylinders with a 0-4-OT wheel arrangement?
What is the leading government figure for Moldova?
What is the source of taxon for opium
What group founded UNICEF?
Are the total points in Mikko Lehtonen's career equal to 0?
What is the coral whose rank is class?
Who is the person that was a student of Ivan Pavlov?
Which is the National Natural Landmarks site ID of Fort Worth?
Which {sister has} {kids} of {John Spencer, 8th Earl Spencer} ?
Which chemical compound has the highest standard enthalpy of formation?
What is Jean le Rond D'Alembert's birthday?
What are signs of mercury poisoning as a result of using butabarbital for treatment?
Which is the metalanguage which HTML5 is based on?
Which deity of Kami has the influence of Koshintō.
How many Kings are for Louis the Pious?
What is WeRelate person ID of William Pitt, 1st Earl of Chatham ?
Does 1 E2 has a lower limit equal to 100?
Is labetalol and piretanide used as a drug to treat hypertension?
Which is the Cinema Treasures ID for Canadian Museum of History>=?
What is the location of Raging Bull, that has been divided into Washtenaw County?
Did William the Conqueror build the Tower of London and Windsor Castle?
When was the graduate of Konstantin Balmont constructed?
tell  me literary genre union of list values as qualifiers  starts with f
n/a
Who is creator Criss Angel?
Where in Massachusetts did Samuel P. Huntington die?
Which is the British Museum thesaurus ID for mineral?
Which is the Encyclopædia Universalis ID of John Singer Sargent?
Who operates the railway line of 36th Street?
who inflation rate of consumer price inde of aspect  of history of Chad?
When did Charles Aznavour receive the award for Officer of the National Order of Quebec?
Who is {students} of {painters} {Elisabeth Vilhelmine Juel} ?
What is canonization status of the saint  ?
What is the USA Gymnastics ID of Gabby Douglas?
Name a part of a plant that contain the word "veil " in its name
WHAT ARE THE WORK OF INCUMBENT OF CHIEF OFFICIAL WHITE HOUSE PHOTOGRAPHER?
What are the stratus which start with the letter s
How many appointments are needed for cirrhosis of the liver?
Was Coldplay's genre rock music?
What is the Class IB flammable liquid with the highest fusion enthalpy whose instance of is Class IB flammable liquid ?
Is it true that the sublimation temperature of starch is equal to 410?
When is the 2006-2007 one-year-period ? And what is the minimum size of the team?
What is the number of out of school children of the continent of Kagera River ?
What is in the administrative unit of Imo State, specifically the one who's capital city is Lagos?
Which is the coat of arms for the coat of arms of Valencia?
What awards has Gene Wolfe received?
How many license plates have "plus one" or "+one"?
What are the coordinates for the location of the Limpopo river source?
Who are the carries for the Confederation Bridge?
How many matches has Rinus Michels played?
What county seat of N'Djamena contains the villages of the Kanem Region?
What is the inventory number of the painting Liberty Leading the People that is located in the Louvre?
Is it true that the Gini coefficient of Tunisia equals to 36.1?
What are the animated series that executive producer Ken Keeler and which contains the word futurama in their name
Mayor John Purroy Mitchel is the mayor of what place which is also the deathplace of William Magear Tweed?
Is the Alexa rank of Wolfram Alpha less than 1290.4?
Is it true that the stroke of the SNCF 232.P.1 equals 255?
Did Jerry Heller serve in the U.S. Army?
What GSRR rating did World of Warcraft get?
Which region of Zealand is headed by Christopher of Bavaria?
Is Mexico subject to the Holy See-Mexico relations?
What is the series ordinal of Maria de Montserrat?
When did Philipp Kirkorov begin his education at the Gnessin Russian Academy of Music?
Who was born in Monterrey?
What award did Piero Gherardi receive when he scored 8 1/2?
What are the origins of lynching that were started in the Colony of Virginia?
Who is {musician} of {sequel} {I Will Be Here} ?
When Tsung-Dao Lee was award Nobel Prize in Physics?
Which American citizen has spent the least amount of time in space?
What are feature film which start with the letter t
Which is the Shironet song ID of O Captain! My Captain!?
Tell me atmospheric electricity whose name has the word ball in it.
Tell me Freedom suit  whose name has the word dred in it
What is established by the Rurik dynasty that has been born in Europe?
When was Bryan Adams nominated as Juno Award for Single of the Year?
What is the symbol and anthem of the EU?
What is the time Jullian Barnes has been nominated for man Booker prize?
Who was the student of John the Baptist?
When was Sasha Grey a member of aTelecine?
what is the start time for Rashi has residence as Worms ?
Where are the inhabitants of "The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air" from?
How many recorded for Pet Sounds?
What is Hepatitis health specialty and medical examinations?
What is the programming language used for JavaScript?
Whichs {house} of {characters} of {Benvenuto Cellini} ?
Where in the Province of Milan was the county seat Claudio Abbado born?
What is Japan's diplomatic relationship with the jurisdiction of unconscionability?
Which taxon has the highest frequency of audible sound?
The descriptions and figures of the Araneides of the United States are what consort of authors?
Tell me studio album whose name has the word wolf in it.
IS THE ORBITAL ECCENTRICITY OF THE 6275 KIRYU EQAULS TO 0.01
Which musical did Pete Townshend compose?
Who is the representative of the Arena Football League?
Which is an active ingredient of the alcoholic beverage?
what differs from heat that has a sub item of energy?
What is the maximum angular resolution of robotic telescope?
Bay Area Rapid Transit KML rank is what?
Is it true that 96 is the hydraulic head of Alqueva Dam?
What president edited the Garcia Report?
What cities are the Buddenbrooks set in?
What is handball's NDL?
What is Javier Zanetti's Soccerway player ID?
When did Takeshi Inoue lose their employment?
What is the chemical compound with the least acceptable daily intake?
What medical condition is treated with Sodium Bicarbonate?
Whom did Janet Yellen got married to?
Is the number of casualties of Bulgaria equal to 79?
Which is the mythical dog that was killed by Heracles?
tell me chartered company starts with c
According to the census, what is the population of Arizona?
Which is the democratic republic that is replaced by the Thirteen Colonies?
What type of government replaced the ruling of the thirteen colonies?
Who is the showrunner of Creeper?
Which is partially coincident with the web application?
Is the average shot length of the Too Late greater than 16.0?
who top dog of martha raye ?
When did the Kingdom of England become a country?
Is the wing area of the Lancaster equal to 1556.4?
Who is the narrator of the Adventures of Huckleberry Finn?
What is the name of the artery that supplies the liver?
When did the marriage of Jefferson and Varina Davis end?
When did Michael Palin receive the BAFTA Award for Best Actor in a Supporting Role?
Tell me neighborhood whose name has zeitungsviertel in it.
Is it true that pKa of cocaine equals to 8.41?
What is Pantera's genre and record label?
What year did Luxembourg join the International Centre for Settlement of Investment Disputes?
What is the official language of Syrian?
What country includes the sovereign state of HOryu-ji?
Who founded International Red Cross and Red Crescent Movement ?
DOES THE ELONGATION AT BREAK IF THE POLYAMID 610 EQUALS 50
When was Victor Hugo a member of the Académie française?
Name a City in France with many monuments that starts with letter L
Who is the composer and librettist for West Side Story?
Does Dick Cheney have children Elizabeth Cheney and Mary Cheney?
Who is the rector of McGill University?
Who is the {national anthem} for {anthem} of {European Union}
Is the number of volunteers of the French Red Cross equal to 68400?
Who are the inhabitants of the basin countries of Barents Sea?
What is the GUI toolkit or framework for Objective-C?
Who is Luigi's sidekick?
What was Mark Rylance awarded the BAFTA Best Actor Award for.
What is Songkick artist ID of Bohuslav Martinů ?
What is the Duke University's university and college sports club?
Which is {extreme south} {set location} as {The Third Man} ?
Who was Louis XVIII of France's doctor ?
What is the altitude of the town of Saskatoon ?
Is the total revenue of the Serviam Girls Academy equal to 672343?
Name a city located next to the Rhine river that contains the word " mannheim" in its name
Who is the actress in Cotton Comes to Harlem?
Is the chromosome count of the Passiflora pentagona equal to 24?
Where is the birthplace of Joseph Brodsky that is on the edge of the Bolshaya Neva River?
Who played Forrest Gump
Who are the parents of Aretha Franklin?
What is Little Rock's Legal Entity ID?
Name the disease that is treated with erythromycin
Give me the big city with the largest fiscal/tax revenue located in the region of Metro Manila.
Were the 1923 Bentley #8 laps completed equal to 89.6?
Which is Google Play Store App ID for Netflix?
When was Marie Louise, Duchess of Parma the spouse of Napoleon ?
TELL ME WHICH IS THE MONOTYPIC TAXON STARTS WITH T
What are some famous pieces composed by The Seasons?
Where did John Ruskin work and when did his work end?
Is the carbon footprint of SAE 316L stainless steel equal 3.9?
For what subject did Beatrice Straight receive the 7th Tony Awards?
What are the thoracic disease which start with the letter s
Can Charlize Theron speak, write or sign in Old English?
What is the location of the place of death for Aleksis Kivi in the administrative territorial entity?
At what point in time did Barry Bonds receive the award for MLB MVP?
Which is the first edition?
Were there 0 missing people after the 2018 Magnitogorsk building collapse?
Which is the ISFDB title ID of The Age of Innocence?
Who built the seat of mastermind?
What are notation which start with the letter s
When did Ivan Udaltsov start as rector for Moscow State University?
where is the {point in time} for {bell hooks} who has {educated at} as {Stanford University} ?
What academic major is Rani Mukherjee pursuing at SNTD Women's University?
Which musician created the album The Fragile?
Did the 2008 Iwate-Miyagi Nairiku earthquake reach JMA magnitude 5.76?
What is Mira's type of variable star?
Is it true that the mean age of the Karlovy Vary District equal to 43.2?
Which television series has the highest number of episodes?
What was the namesake for Bohr radius with a recognition title of Copley Medal?
"Where is {borders} of {Wuxi}, which has {sister city} is {Grenoble} ?"
How many language regulatory bodys are there for Portuguese?
Does the installed capacity of the HMS Terror equals 30?
When did Golden Horde start in khanate?
"Who is the {spouse} of {Lauryn Hill}, that has {craft} who is a {Canadian football player} ?"
Was Johnny Carson's occupation a military officer and/or journalist?
What are the series of creative works that starts with the letter s
What is short name  of Leviticus ?
How much child astronomical bodies are in a Virgo Supercluster?
When did Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva receive the award as Grand Cross of the Order of Sun of Peru?
tell me german nationalism starts with n
In which location Joseph Freiherr von Eichendorff works at?
What is garrison in Commonwealth of Nations having category of associated people of Category:People from London?
How many signatories are there for the {U.S. Declaration of Independence} ?
For which state was Jefferson Davis the president?
Which is the Baseball-Reference.com Japanese, Minor & Korean league player ID for George Halas?
What is the relation of Q48460 and medical speciality to suicide?
What is the religion and gender of David Hasselhof?
Of which German district is Karl Steinhoff governor?
Who is the employer conservatory of Pyotr llyich Tchaikovsky?
What building has the least number of platform tracks located in Nuremberg?
What is Lyubov Orlova's Zemereshet artist ID?
Which is the parent club of the St. Louis Cardinals?
What are the city with millions of inhabitants which start with the letter v
What UCI Trade Team I does Bradley Wiggins play for?
Who is Filipp Yankovsky's child?
Was Orson Welles educated at the School of the Art Institute of Chicago and Cawthra Park Secondary School?
Who is the {sibling} and the {child} of {Vlad_the_Impaler} ?
Tell the name of military museum with the highest number of visitors per year whose location is les invalides?
Was Achilles the partner of Helen of Troy and Penthesilea?
What is a dynasty that begins with the letter p?
In which country the city of Madrid is located ?
n/a
what is a flag image of Nebraska
What type of quantum particle is the antiparticle of an electon.
Who is the discoverer of the Iron Curtain and had political office held as the First Lord of the Admiralty?
How many surface tensions are there for ethyl acetate?
Which is Conseil constitutionnel ID for Jacques Chirac?
How many notable work done by the Henrik Ibsen} ?
Name a cryptocurrency that  starts with letter B
What work did Jacques Tati do to receive a Jury Prize award?
What is the parent company of Bombardier Transportation
What is tributary on the shore of Lanzarote?
Was Alex Rodriguez a member of the Baltimore Orioles and the Trenton Thunder?
Tell me ethnoreligious group whose name has the word yazidis in it.
What is the name of the publishing house that published the journal of the Once-daily gentamicin administration for community-associated methicillin resistant Staphylococcus aureus in an in vitro pharmacodynamic model: preliminary reports for the advantages for optimizing pharmacodynamic index?
Which South Australian House of Assembly by-election had the most ballots cast?
Which is the ISHOF swimmer ID for Johnny Weissmuller?
When was the battle of Muammar ai-Gaddafi?
Is it true ethanol has a role as a solvent and a GABA reuptake inhibitor?
Which man founded LaVeyan Satanism?
Where is the grave that commemorates Ulysses S. Grant?
Which is the Behind The Voice Actors character ID of Donald Duck?
Who was the discoverer or inventor of the Trapezium Cluster, that worked in the physics field?
What is the private, not-for-profit school for the archives of Jefferson Davis?
What star does Pluto orbit?
Who builds the Airbus A380 and what material is it made out of?
Tell me notation whose name has the word symbol  in it.
Fernando de Noronha is coextensive with what?
When did animated feature film for voice actor of Tom Hanks?
Which is the excipient which is an active ingredient in Sclerosol and that contains the word talc in it's name?
What is the award received by Nawaz Shari by the replacement of Ghulam Mustafa Jatoi?
What is Jin Yong's Douban Movie Celebrity ID?
When did Billy Hughes held the position of Prime Minister of Australia?
Is Matthew McConaughey a citizen of the United States of America?
Which is the discovery that the inventor of CERN made?
Does the salinity of the Borovoe equals 0.15?
How many models are in the Airbus A340 series?
Does Johnny Depp have Christoph as another forename that is said to be different from Johnny?
What was the academic major of Donald Knuth and where was he educated at?
sadjif
What is ITRA runner ID  for Dean Karnazes ?
"Which participants of the Battle of Leuthen, had a brother named Francis I, Holy Roman Emperor?"
How many matches did Fritz Walter play and for what team?
What was the item used by Malcolm Perry's doctoral supervisor?
When was Leoluca Orlando the head of Palermo?
When did Paul Hindemith begin studying at Hoch Conservatory?
Are {Wyatt_Earp} {sibling}  {Virgil Earp} and {James Earp} ?
What is personal best for Valerie Adams ?
Which characters are present in Harry Potter?
What is the impassivity of cement?
When was Natalia Makarova nominated for the Laurence Olivier Award for Best Actress in a Musical?
Which is the double administrative body, of Nagasaki's governing county seat.
What is the role model of the doctoral supervisor of Carl Neumann?
What are theGreco-Roman mysteries which start with the letter M
"Where was the place of activity for Erich Von dem Bach-Zelewski, that was on lake in the Westhafen Canal ?"
Who is the {executive director} of {shareholder} of {Broadcast.com}?
?
"Who is Patron saint the accountant, the son of Alphaeus?"
when did  member  of coined molybdenum ?
Tell me the series by Rama.
When did Evonne Goolagong Cawley receive the Companion of the Order of Australia award?
What is the court with highest judicial authority in Hong Kong?
How do you pronounce Tulunids?
what is the danger of asthma according to Genome-wide association study?
Which is the ICD-9-CM for migraine?
Who is the son of the brother or sister of the Archduchess Maria Carolina of Austria ?
Is the partition coefficient water/octanol of raloxifene equal to 5.2?
Which is Dennis Rodman's team that is funded by Mr,Submarin?
What terrain feature of Hokkaido has the tributary Bol'shaya Sarannaya?
Who s the administrator of service of WOW air?
Tell me spaceport whose name has the word station in it.
Does Jan Tscichold said the same as Juan?
What is the time zone located in the territorial entity of Vinson Massif?
John Diefenbaker is the incumbent for what public office held by Justin Trudeau?
What is the production rate for the tennis ball?
During the February Revolution was Santiago de Cuba known as twin town?
Which is the writable file format of iTunes?
What sports team did Kareem Abdul-Jabbar play for and when did he leave the team?
When did Jude Law receive the Theatre World Award?
When was Eberhard Umbach the director of the Karlsruhe Institute of Technology?
What is Actorenregister ID for Utrecht University?
What is the population of Almería at register office?
Which is the direction relative to location of west?
Which is the UN/LOCODE of Bari?
What are some of the international reactions to the US presidential action in 2016 in which Donald Trump participated?
What is the codomain of  natural logarithm ?
Does Boston have a City Council?
Name a city in Netherlands that contain the word "zwolle " in its name
Name a movie directed by Ang Lee
Why did Robert Peel's position end and what was it?
Which is the inferior planet with maximum albedo?
What country does Zinedine Zidane play sports for?
Which is the Twitter hashtag for Emmanuel Macron?
What does physically interact with adenosine triphosphate as an agonist?
How is Uranium produced?
How is Barbara W. Tuchman related to Henry Morgenthau?
What do the stars on the United States of America symbolize?
What was the nomination received by Anjelica Huston, but had a prizewinner of Mira Sorvino?
What is the {death place} of {Karl von Frisch} that {has the cities} of {Altstadt-Lehel}?
What develops from gynoecium?
What multiple starts with the letter "h"?
What is the relative level of taxon of Piper mollipilosum?
who champ of awards of Joyce Carol Oates ?
Where in the state of Louisiana was Jared Leto born?
Who is {member of} {coined} {Köppen climate classification} ?
Who are the disciples of Christiaan Huygens who were informed by Maimonides?
What time did Aarhus serve as an adminstrative body at Rostock?
Who co-founded the Inge Morath?
Which is the color of the red wine?
For what film was Catherine Deneuve nominated for the César Award for Best Actress?
The parent taxon of a Nematoda belongs to what taxonomic ranking?
What is KPMG's Norwegian oranisation number?
What country's leader was Mao Zedong that started the Vietnam War?
How many WHOIN names are there for amphetamine?
When Chandragupta Maurya, the spouse of Durdhara, died?
What is Alan Shepard's spaceflight?
Who is the doctoral student of Martin Weitzman supervisor?
Which is the zenith of the jurisdiction of Citizens United v. Federal Election Commission?
Is the biobased content weight percentage of the Polyamid 1010 reinforced with 30% glass fiber equal to 70?
Where is the population with 1 star and with the maximum temperature at childastronomical body 341958) Chrétien?
what is the statement is subject  for Donald Trump has significant event as inauguration ?
Sevastopol is located on what peninsula?
What is the studied under of the sculptor of Urd Werdande Skuld The Norns ?
Is the base salary of George Stephenson more than 240.0?
How many total Glocks are produced?
What were the continents involved during the Cold War
Is the duration of the 2058-2059 one-year-period greater than 1.2?
What are the Christian denomination which start with the letter united
Which medical condition is established from Down Syndrome?
When Nazareth Araújo won, which round of voting had the most participants?
What is MYmovies actor ID of Adrien Brody?
What is the Belgium symbol for highest alcohol by volume?
Is it true that the visitors per year of Paul-Raymond Museum equals to 882?
What champ nomination did Stephen Hendry receive?
What was Clint Eastwood nominated for at the 76th Academy Awards?
What is {discretionary connection} of {starts} of {techno} ?
Which is used by the standard genetic code?
Is the vehicles per thousand people of Berlin equal to 342?
Which member was the next Académie des Beaux-Arts after Georges-Eugène Haussmann?
Which is the chromosome count for Down syndrome?
Was PHP influenced by C++ and PHP?
When did position held of Arthur Balfour and elected in?
Who is the boxer?
Which metabolite has the largest mass?
Which are the honors of the discoverer of hovercraft?
Is it true that the rate of fire of the 127/54 Compact equal 48.0?
What is the country of origin for thrash metal?
Where does Feodor Chaliapin work?
who language for indigenous to of khazars?
When was Dizzee Rascal nominated for the Brit Award for British Breakthrough Act?
Which is the Wikimedia disambiguation page which starts with the letter z?
Who gave the {unit symbol} of {adaptation of} of {foot per second} ?
What is the Setlist FM artist ID of The Cure?
Who gave the {co-founded by} of {has designer} of {RIM-116 Rolling Airframe Missile} ?
What is the plot of Jacques?
Name the anthology drama film with the lowest box office return ?
Is the atomic number of sulfur greater than 12.8
Which is the 3D model of David?
Where is the {venous drainage} and the {arterial supply} of {Clitoris} ?
Who is the facility operator of UTair Flight 120?
Who replaced Frank Forde as Member of the Queensland Legislative Assembly?
When did the TV show Lassie originally air?
Does the University of Oxford admit a rate of .0175?
Is the endowment of McGill University greater than 1252960800?
What is the saying that is present in the work of Satan?
Who are the inhabitants of endemism in Varanus komodoensis?
Which is the Crunchbase organisation ID of Alphabet Inc. ?
Tell me about the position of an employee at UNESCO.
Who is Stanislaw Grabowski's brother's son?
What is member of the sports team  of George Mikan  that is position played on the team / specialty is  center ?
Is it true that the Sister member count equals 4?
Where in Limpopo borough is the city of North West?
What is named for Compton scattering which has the honorary title of "X-ray badge"?
WHat are the types of software that contain the word "system" in their name ?
WHICH IS THE NEWSMAGAZINE THAT STARTS WITH W
In which country Marilyn Chambers died at Santa Clarita?
What is Thomas Love Peacock's coat of arms?
What is the Jaw ISzDb film ID?
Who developed the medium of Filhos da Grávida de Taubaté?
What's the native label for congee?
What was the award received by Robert Bresson for his work on L'Argent?
Who is {discoverer of} {big event} of {Najib Razak} ?
What was the largest team that finished Yukon Quest who had Cody Strathe as a participant?
What journal is Darwin's abominable mystery: Insights from a supertree of the angiosperms cited from?
What is the distance of Epsom Derby?
What is the maximum vapor pressure of Galinstan?
What minimum triangular number has an instance of which composite number?
What is the executive and legislature body of Goa?
What is the grammatical gender of second language of Elizabeth Pakenham, Countess of Longford ?
Are there fewer than 3.6 spans of the Kew Bridge?
who is the {mother} for {Will Smith} that has {child} as {Willow Smith} ?
"Which is {topic of} of {history of Alabama}, that has {has shires} is {Perry County} ?"
What was Charles Baudelaire's occupation in the English-speaking world?
What is the diplomatic relationship of Karen Carpenter and the location of where she is buried?
What is the name of the library at the University of Oxford?
What is {Q48460} {interaction} of {W or Z boson} ?
What is RYM artist ID for Van Morrison ?
which programming paradigm is language of mIRC ?
Is it true that the emissivity of the cement is greater than 0.648?
What earthquake in Kamouraskas had the most aftershocks?
Tell me municipiu of Romania whose name has the word  in it.
Was Sony BMG Music Entertainment Backstreet Boys' record label?
Who is the daughter of the president of the Conservative Party?
What left office is from the temporal range start of Sturtian glaciation?
what subsidiary entities work for Buzz Aldrin?
Gloria Estefan won the Latin Grammy Award for Best Tropical Song for what song?
What are the united states federal executive department which start with the letter d
Which is the Unicode hex codepoint for smiley?
What is the collection of astronomical objects with the smallest wavelength?
Is the Wikidata time precision of the minute equal to 13?
Who is the statement is subject of for Julia Philips has award received as Academy Award for Best Picture
What is in action of Clarence Campbell, whose moveable object location is in Atlantic Ocean?
What is trance music?
What does the Ulysses S. Grant National Memorial in the United States commemorate?
Tell me me a character from Star Wars whose name consist of the word "woman" and whose noble title princess leia
Based on reading Dick Wolf's language, is he a grammatical person?
Which binder powder has the lowest emissivity?
What city is governed by the Bank of Upper Canada Building?
which is the sovereign state for the renminbi currency?
What Rear Window was nominated for at 27th Academy Awards?
Was Concorde the operator of both British Airways and Lufthansa?
What is established by working at Terry Nova?
What was Fred Zinnemann nominated for in the 26th Academy Awards?
What is FI WarSampo person ID for Carl Gustaf Emil Mannerheim
who historical country for official residence of parthian empire?
Where is the business headquarters location in Hong Kong
With whom did Skrillex receive the Grammy Award for Best Dance Recording?
What is Joseph Buonaparte's CANTIC-ID?
What were the terms for Hanuman's incarceration?
What is newton conversion to SI unit ?
What is the natural reservoir of an insect known as?
"What is {written by} of {Symphony No. 5}, which has {master} of {Eduard Marxsen} ?"
What is the HQ location of the Hermitage Museum whose twin town is Krakow?
What animation technique starts with the letter "s"?
Is the compression ratio of Gipsy Major IF more than 6.3?
How is the {medical condition treated} with {subject has role} of {Doxycycline} ?
What are the lunar calendar which start with the letter calendar
When was Nadine Gordimer no longer the spouse of Gerald Gavron?
What is the woven fabric that comes from wool?
What is Decathlon sport and it;s record progression?
Who replaced Alcide de Gasperi as Minister of Foreign Affairs?
Were the House of Lancaster and the House of Neville participants in the Wars of the Roses?
WHat treaty serves as the main regulatory text in Soviet Union
In what year did Marion Cotillard receive an Academy Award for Best Actress?
Who is The Sims: Hot Date developed and co-founded by?
What sovereign state starts with the letter "y"?
What or whom was a major cause of the beginning of World War II?
WHICH IS THE STATE OF AUSTRALIA THAT CONTAINS THE WORDS VICTORIA IN THEIR NAME
When did Ginger Lynn receive an AVN Award?
How many work locations are for Hans Hofmann?
Name the honorary title given to Jack Kilby whose leader is Herwig Kogelnik?
the inventory number guernica
What is it?
Is Al Pacino graduate at Hurst Lodge School
Who won the Juno Award for The Weekend?
Is the residence time of the water in the Sea of Galilee 4.8?
What is the population of the capital of Italy?
What is the Christian name of James Hetfield that is the same as Jacques?
How many people are commanded by Konstantin Rokossovsky?
what is the due to of the death cause of Edwin Kagin?
When did Rolf-Dieter Heuer stop being the director of CERN?
Which is the RxNorm CUI for palladium?
How many CEOs does Apple, Inc., have?
What is the emblem of Changsha?
when did Geneva become the capital of the republic of Geneva?
Who is the author of The Merchant of Venice and who are it's characters?
Is the number of registered contributors of Project Euler 485867?
Who is the doctoral supervisor and founder of clinical psychology?
When did Robert Evans marry Ali MacGrawMacGraw
What is color of index for Alpha Centauri ?
Is the maximum Strahler number of Black Creek equal to 3?
How many street address are located in Einsatzgruppen?
TELL ME
Where is the {location of discovery} and the {discoverer or inventor} of {Tungsten} ?
Is the data size of The Elder Scrolls: Legends equal to 3448098816?
Where did Indra Nooyi go to college and what was the major?
What film genre is pupil of Carl Reinecke ?
How many residences are there for Mikhail Bulgakov?
is it true that Osama bin Laden used to live in Osama bin Laden's house in Khartoum?
What would be the interaction subject of the top quark?
Who did Alexander Hamilton marry at Schuyler Mansion?
When did Sigismund end his term as King of Bohemia?
Is 65 the retirement age in Czech Republic?
"Where is {grave at} of {James Bond}, which {partner town} is {Incheon} ?"
What is the population of Rhode Island according to the census?
What sport does Nina Dumbadze coach?
Who is record producer Vento del sud married to?
Tell me highly urbanized city whose name has the word valenzuela in it.
What is the science that studies the location of moveable objects in a cell cycle?
Tell me the longest-distance sport in which Rudolf Caracciola is champion.
Where is the headquarters of Georg Rabuse?
Was Muhammad involved in Caravan raids?
Is it true that the thickness of the "Portrait of a Man" is less than .72"?
In the science of language, what is being working on?
In what county seat does La Monte Young work?
Which is the cultural region that is located in Bilbao?
Is it true that the number of points/goals/set scored of UEFA Euro 1984 equals to 41?
When was the capital of Assyria Carchemish?
Who oversees the clergy of Saint Petersburg University?
What is brought by epoch of Selkirk Mountains ?
WHat are the band that contain the word "Nightwish" in their name ?
What is Thomas Aquinas' profession?
What is the Who's Who UK ID of Albert Einstein?
Which is the BnF ID for planetary nebula?
Is the kinematic viscosity of Unleaded 91 equal to 0.475?
Is the solubility of ethylene dichloride less than 1.08?
Mention the publishing year of Grand Theft Auto III
Tell me the TMA most apoapsis
What award did Keanu Reeves receive, which was also won by Sandra Bullock?
What service with the largest port is a directory?
What is the mouth of the watercourse of Mississippi River at Mississippi River Delta?
How many important persons are there for the {Rumi} ?
How many chairperson for Musee d'Orsay
What is the name of the man with a successful career as a record producer and is a cohabitant with actress Courtney Cox?
Who has kids with Kanye West, whose brother-in-law is Kris Jenner?
Which runway in LAX are made of concrete?
How many executives held by the capital state {Romania} ?
Is Pinto Colvig the name of the performer who plays Goofy?
was ribavirin and capravirine a drug used for treatment of Hepatitis C?
Which is the introduced feature for air conditioning?
origin of people who speak japanese
What is the dialect used in Ancient Greek?
What is the work of inventor Lucy?
Name this psychoactive drug made from Papaver somniferum that contains the word "opium " in its name
What is the type of quantum particle with the highest gyromagnetic ratio whose instance of is isotope of neutronium ?
Which is the issue of tuberculosis?
What disease burden does Brian Wilson suffers from?
Did Timothy ever work as a soldier or a security guard?
Is the relative permeability of vacuum equal to 1?
Which sport has maximum number of players in the region?
Who is elected in The Joong-ang Ilbo?
who mediatised to supersedes the service tax?
What is that it has
who governing body of worked for of Charles mcLean andrews ?
Who is the initiated board game publisher of The Eternal Champion?
What was the quantity of fatalities in the action of Matt Busby?
In what year did William Howard Taft become President of the USA?
Is the marriageable age of Ireland equal to18?
What tributaries are near the Lake of Cadiz?
IS THE ELECTRICAL RESISTIVITY OF GRIVORY GM-G4 EQUIVALENT TO 10000000000000?
What is the word for "part of" in Hungarian?
What is propylene a polymer of?
What is in the basin area of the Lake Balkhash tributary?
Tell me religious denomination whose name has the word unitarianism in it.
Which  is contributor(s) to the creative work of Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists ?
Where is the Mona Lisa exhibited?
From where did Richard von Weizsacker win the recognition title of 1st place medalist of Medecins Sans Frontiers?
Silk is produced by which taxon?
What are the castle which start with the letter o
What role did the amphitheatre play in the culture of ancient Rome?
What are the academic major which start with the letter T
What is sexually homologous with for ovary ?
When did residence of Vladimir Putin and owned by?
What nomination did David Mitchell receive but ultimately lose to Kiran Desai?
Who is the tributary of on harbour of Raotonga?
Which is the mineral variety that starts with the letter z?
What literary genre is the prequel of Alien?
n/a
What is the alma mater of John Sinclair with a parent company of the University of Michigan School of Music, Theater and Dance?
Which is the award received for constellation?
What is the birthplace of Bradley Wiggins, and has the coat of arms of Ghent?
Alma Mater, authors of Suicide is at Leipzig University?
What is continuing to be developed from HP-UX?
Which is the IUCN protected areas category of the Great Smoky Mountains National Park?
When did Tina Fey marry Jeff Richmond?
Is it true that sexual intercourse has an effect on abortion?
What topic of the history of Wales has cities like Caerphilly County Borough as central areas?
When was Boleslaw Bierut came to the position of President of Poland?
When was the part of series of Heroes of Might and Magic III: Armageddon's Blade published on?
What is the name of a television series that starts with the letter z.
How many language regulatory bodys are there for Portuguese?
Martin Ludwig Bormann (17 June 1900 – 2 May 1945) was a prominent official in Nazi ... Bormann joined a paramilitary Freikorps organisation in 1922 while working as manager of a large ... Bormann was released from prison in February 1925. ..... The Führerbunker was located under the Reich Chancellery garden in the ...
What was Genghis Khan's family called?
Name a city that contains the word " manila" in its name
Where are the papers of the music by String Quartet No. 14 (Beethoven)?
Which is {sculptor} of {series} {First Responders} ?
Who are conflicted amongst Battle of Ayta ash-Shab?
What is the maximum vibration of drill model?
For what role was Terry Southern nominated  for an award in the movie Easy Rider?
What is the natural script for written Ancient Greek?
What is the time zone of Hebei, which is the equivalent of China Standard Time?
What is the setting of King Kong that borders Westchester County.
Was Sunny_Leone religion Hindu denomination?
Which is {used for treatment} of {capable of inhibiting or preventing pathological process} of {methenamine hippurate} ?
Who is the creator of Bart Simpson?
Who is the mother of Diana Gabaldon ,
who doctoral supervisor of academic supervisor of emile durkheim?
Is Bali located in the Gulf of Thailand and Indian Ocean?
tell me animated character that starts name with w
Name a broadsheet format newspaper that starts with letter T
"What is the {personal name} of {Jan Swammerdam}, whose {audio language} is {Swedish} ?"
What is the middle name of Lisa del Gioconda , that said to be different from Liesel?
what is the {statement is subject of} for {Paraguay} that has {diplomatic relation} as {Peru} ?
When was Dan Plato elected as the head of government of Cape Town?
Name a nonmetal discovered in England that contains the word "oxygen" in its name
Which film is set in the Marvel Cinematic Universe?
What is the magazine with the highest readership whose publisher is National Parks Conservation Association?
Is it true that the Gini coefficient of France is greater than 40.02?
What is the language of Paul V. Hindenburg, that is dative case?
How many continents are in the Portuguese Empire?
What is {toponym} of {St. Elmo's fire}, that has {historical era} is {Roman Empire}?
What is the deliberate murder with the lowest number of perpetrators whose located in the administrative territorial entity is Jerusalem ?
Which is the original language of work for The Muppet Show?
Which is the television series episode which has Bruce Willis as cast member?
What is the biological process that contributes to necrosis?
What is place served by transport hub for Fairbanks ?
Who is the graduate of the sculptor of Red & Black?
WHICH IS THE FILM WITH THE MAXIMUM BOX OFFICE
When did Charlie Chaplin and Oona O'Neill get married?
What editions, developed by, Cascading Style Sheets, is in the World Wide Web Consortium?
Which is the main regulatory text for Antarctic?
Is the lower flammable limit of methanol equal to 0?
What state is the Pope in charge of?
Which camera is different from a still camera to catch taxon parent of eukaryote?
What is the ZVG number of  hafnium?
WHICH IS THE PARENT COMPANY OF SUPERIOR FORMATION OF ACADEMY FOR SPATIAL RESEARCH AND PLANNING
When was Ronald Fisher nominated for the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine?
What government did Josip Broz Tito serve
How many instruments are used in The Carnival of the Animals score?
Is the number of representatives in an organization/legislature of the West Ham equal to 1?
Which is the parent body of Enceladus, that have child body as Hyrrokkin?
Which is the academic area of the PhD adviser of Vladimir Berkovich?
For what position did Douglas Nicholls replace Mark Oliphant ?
What are the provinces of Pakistan  that contain the word "sindh" in their name ?
Which is the INSPIRE-HEP author ID for Niels Bohr?
What is the event location of the took part in of Florin Prunea ?
What is the { start time } for { Arthur Wellesley, 1st Duke of Wellington } as { Prime Minister of the United Kingdom }?
Where does PhD advisor John Finnis work?
Who is the superpartner of Higgs boson?
What is the PDB structure ID for rhenium?
WHICH IS THE EARTHQUAKE WITH THE MAXIMUM AFTERSHOCKS
Tell me the social networking service which starts with the letter y?
What is the signs of the murder method of Joe DiMaggio ?
On a ruler, what are the symbols of measurement?
Who is a stepparent of Barack Obama?
What is the group IB flammable liquid with min surface tension whose instance of chemical compound?
Which movie was Paul Newman nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actor?
Which is Alljudo athlete ID for Ryoko Tani?
Name the feminine name behind the language work of Russian
What is Harold Wilson's middle name?  Is it the same as Andrin's?
What are the mass media which start with the letter youtube
What is the EPHE ID of Marcel Mauss?
How many points did Bobby Charlton score as a team member for Manchester United F.C.?
Which is different to liquorice , that played by Bride?
What territory is claimed by the German Democratic Republic?
Tell me the time which starts with the letter p!
When did Ilse Koch become a member of the political party NSDAP?
What is the city location of Vladimir Lenin
What is the location of burial of Gioseffo Zarlino, whose WHS criteria is iii?
What features are associated with playing on a skateboard?
Where did Emmy Noether die in Pennsylvania?
Which Augustus relative was his adoptive parent?
What method was used to determine that VAV2 is genetically associated with multiple sclerosis?
To whom did Anna Karina  got married and when did it ended?
Who has created the design of the Thunderbolt?
Who is the son- in- law of the co-founder of the Catholic Church?
Which songwriter of Suite bergamasque died in Paris?
Which Doctor Zhivago writer has been honored with the Medal of Defense of Moscow?
What position did Halford Mackinder hold in the Glasgow Camlachie district?
In which year did André Previn received the Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award?
which position Henry Campbell-Bannerman holds and when did he select?
Is the electric charge of a proton greater than 1.92261194496e-19?
How many people were part of the Burma Campaign
Name the capital city of the Empire of Japan.
What are the historical ethnical group which start with the letter xiongnu
Where is the tributary of the Baspa River?
What is owned by the owners of Dalian Hexing?
What are sculptors of quantum mechanics that have worked at Humboldt University of Berlin?
Which asteroid with the shortest orbital period was discovered at the Nice Observatory?
What are the kingdom which start with the letter zakhara
Who is the maternal half-sister of Mary Shelley?
In how many fields did Simone de Beauvoir work?
What region is adjacent to the Battle of Fontenoy?
how many film crew members were needed for snow white and the seven dwarfs?
What is the consumer price index inflation rate for the state of Jambi Province?
What is the activity policy of the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston?
Which chemical compound has the most explosive speed?
Where is etymology of Poisson distribution, with the famous book called Poisson's equation?
Name a military order that served the Holy Roman Emperor that contains the word "knights" in its name
Which is Soccerdonna player ID for Ellyse Perry?
What is association for speaking Hungarian?
Is the number of seats of the Senate of Palau greater than 10.8?
How long did Lance Armstrong participate in the Tour de France?
What is the aircraft family with the highest maximum glide ratio whose manufacturer is Grob Aircraft ?
Is it true that the installed capacity of the Wasserkraftwerk Hohenstein is greater than 2.7?
What is the lagoon with the lowest residence time of water whose country is Chile?
What is the main concept of Judaism?
Which is the temporal range end for Quaternary?
Tell me the name of the diatomic nonmetal chemical with the lowest oxidation state.
Did Larry Bird receive the NBA Rookie of the Year Award and National Basketball Association?
Is Triticum aestivum in Swedish?
Which is the chemical substance which starts with the letter z?
Is the vapor pressure of ethylene glycol monoethyl ether 4?
Which is {has county seat} {has capital} of {Abyssinia} ?
Do the matches/games drawn/tied of the 2005 British and Irish Lions tour to New Zealand equal 0?
Who is Matt Stone's creative partner?
Chinese is written is which logographic system?
WHAT IS THE SOFTWARE QUALITYN ASSURANCE OF BITCOIN
What award did Henry Louis Gates receive from the American Book Awards?
Tell me production company whose name has the word tellfilm in it.
Who {has sister} of {children} {Ovadia Yosef} ?
Is Paul the Apostle most significant event conversion of Paul the Apostle and Dumb Ways to Die?
When was Yukio Mishima nominated for a Nobel Prize in Literature?
For what work was David Mitchell nominated for the Guardian First Book Award?
Name a road in Karachi.
IS THE MAXIMUM CAPACITY OF THE SZD 50 PUCHARCZ EQUALS 1.6
What is the botanist author abbreviation of Robert Brown?
which ensemble starts with the letter u
When did member of sports team of Ali Daei and number of matches played?
WHAT ARE THE PERIODIZATION  WHICH START WITH THE LETTER W.
What is the production process of medium grog?
How many times has Team Fortress 2 been distributed?
How many political members does Shigeru Yoshida have?
What characters in Nabucco sing as sopranos?
What is the partner town of Bogota, which is also Enrique Inglesias's location of birth?
Which is religion of Maratha Empire ?
Who replaced H. H. Asquith as Secretary of State for the Home Department?
Who gave the  {sector} of {developed by} of {Ms. Pac-Man} ?
What award was Insaaf Ka Tarazu nominated for?
Which is the Internet Encyclopedia of Philosophy ID of aesthetics?
How many people depicted by the {Jesus Christ} ?
Which is the ABS ASCL code for Xiang?
What disciplines study Hebrew?
Which is the highest judicial authority of Rhode Island?
Which is the interaction of the supersymmetric particle of quark?
Which award did Toni Braxton get for his work in Love,Marriage and divorce
Which article of Z-Boys features the film director Stacy Peralta?
Is it true that Heath Ledger's ethnicity was Ulster Protestant?
Is the standard molar entropy of sodium greater than 61.44?
Did Harry Styles get his education at Ivybridge Community College?
Tell me  a album whose name consist of the word wall and whose english is the language of work
What are the invention which start with the letter t
How many artists does Spotify offer?
Was Grover Cleveland President of the US and Governer of New york
What type of quantum particle is the antiparticle of an electon.
Where is Japan National Route 438?
What are the subculture which start with the letter t
Which academic major was taken by Emil Cioran who was educated at University of Bucharest?
Which is the manifestation of the operation of e-commerce?
Name someone ilvolved in Battle of Verdun
Which is the GUI toolkit of framework for iOS?
Did Masaccio die before the statement of Gregorian
Is the NFL headquartered in New York City?
What ilocation to takes part of Stanislav Cherchesov ?
How many package management systems exist for Android?
Who is the developer of wave equation with member of Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences?
Who was the person that was a student of Gustav Mahler?
Is the color index of the Aldebaran less than 1.848?
"Which is {musical score by} of {Requiem}, where {woman} is {male} ?"
Who is the musical conductor of Mary Poppins?
Did Rector Ernst Bumm work for Franz Bopp?
When was Gabriela Mistral nominated for the Nobel Prize in Literature?
Tell me cell type whose name has the word reticulodyte in it.
Who is the leader of Czechoslovakia?
When was Louis XVI of France divorced his spouse Marie Antoinette?
What's the LombardiaBeniCulturali building ID of the Milan Cathedral.
What is the available observing time of a Very Large Telescope?
Is it true that the parallax of Arcturus equals to 88.85?
What chemical phenomenon starts with the letter "c"?
Did The Empire Strikes Back feature Carrie Fisher and Jeremy Bulloch?
Is the average shot length of the Mist equal to 5.4?
What are the literary form which start with the letter Y
Who will replace Ibn Saud as King of Saudi Arabia?
Which is the Visual Novel Database ID of courage?
Who is the alumna of Edward said that is in the province of Elizabeth
What is Library of Congress Genre/Form Terms ID for encyclopedia?
When did Jim Skinner stop being McDonald's chief executive officer?
Is the luminosity of Betelgeuse equal to 48000.0?
Does silver have electrical conductivity equal to 63000000
WHICH IS THE LAGUOID CLASS THAT CONTAINS THE WORD VARIETY IN THEIR NAME
What kinds of airplanes do American Airlines operate?
What is the ITTF table tennis ID for Jan-Ove Waldner?
what is the codon for L-Tyrosine?
Which is the Wimbledon player ID for Novak Djokovic?
What is Wikimedia outline of Physics?
DOES THE DISCHARGE OF THE CONCA EQUALS 1.5
who AMSL of principal place of Zaire?
What inspires the sidekick of Sebastian?
What day does Easter fall on?
What is the class IC flammable liquid with the least ions attached to carbon?
Is it true that the number of episodes of the the 10.5: Apocalypse equals 2?
Who replaces Gerhard Schröder as Federal Chancellor of Germany?
What are the signs of trichloromonofluoromethane poisoning?
Which protein interacts with hydrogen peroxide?
Who is the director and director of photography of Apocalypse Now?
Where is the birthplace of Johann Gottfried Herder?
Did Philadelphia share border with Delran Township?
What is a lifestyle that begins with the letter w.
What Belgian municipality with city privileges shares a border with Bruges?
Who plays for FC Porto?
When was Patricia Arquette has received Golden globe Award?
TELL ME METROPOLITAN CITY OF SOUTH KOREA WHICH START WITH THE LETTER U.
Is Budapest a twinned administrative body with Tehran and San Vito al Tagliamento?
Which is the {history of topic} and the {opposite of} of {Veganism} ?
What is Barefoot Gen's Anime News Network manga ID?
Which is the Italian cadastre code of Venice?
Who gave the {pronunciation audio} of {language written} of {Jonas Savimbi} ?
who subsidiary company of label of deep purple ?
What is the filmography of Ron Howard?
Where did Lionel of Antwerp's sister live?
What is the voivodeship of Beni Suef Governorate that has diplomatic relation to South Korea?
What single followed Unchained Melody?
What is the IPv4 routing prefix for the Department of Defense's legacy IPv4 address block?
What is the end time for william lamb, 2nd viscount melbourne has a position held as a Prime minister of the united Kingtom?
A professional in the field of ecology is given what title?
Is the age of consent in Norway 16?
What is the address of Robertt Louis Stevenson's birthplace in Edinburgh?
Is the synodic period of mars less than 623.952?
Who is the Captain of the Montreal Canadiens?
Who's actions evoked the Russian Civil War?
What is Yandex's ID of Massive Attack?
Was Ricky_Martin genre reggae  and beat music?
When was Dmitry Medvedev the First Deputy Chairman of the Government of the Russian Federation?
What is the craft of Maria Sharapova, whose field of this craft is tennis?
When did Mohammad Reza Pahlavi step down as Shah?
Is it true that Natalie Wood married to Richard Gregson?
What is the thermal conductivity of aluminium?
Who was nominated for the Academy Award for best sound mixing from The Last of the Mohicans?
Is Lil Wayne's country of citizenship the United States of America?
WHICH IS THE NUCLEAR WEAPON WITH MAXIMUM EXPLOSIVE ENERGY EQUIVALENT
In what time zone is Lake County, Tennessee?
What is the featured work in Albany?
Tell me book of the bible whose name has the word song in it.
Which is co-founded by the League of Nations, which is also a member of American Philosophical Society?
Who designed the Mausoleum of Maussollos?
Who is the software publisher of Super Smash Bros. Melee whose division is Nintendo Platform Technology Development?
Which is the science award that is conferred by the Columbia University and contains the word prize in it's name?
Which is the anthem for Kimi Ga Yo?
Which is the IDESCAT territorial code in Catalonia for Badalona?
TELL ME THE BIBLIOGRAPHIC CITATION OF MARK SMOOTHING USING SEPARABLE KERNELS FOR CT PERFUSION PART OF WORK?
What is the name of the circular saw model and its acoustic power?
How and where did Robert Wadlow die?
When did Valentino Rossi stop competing for Ducati Motor Holding?
Which is the television film that was based on Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Sea?
When did Jan Brueghel the Elder work in Prague?
Which is the Diamond League athlete ID for Ezekiel Kemboi?
What Canadian river has its discharge located in Whitefield?
What is the artistic works of Isabelle Adjan?
which construction has starts with z
What and where is the record for the pole vault held?
What is Miguel Bose's Lafonoteca artist ID?
Which sovereign member of the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development has the lowest speed limit.
In what year did John McEnroe marry Patty Smyth?
Who is part of the community of Uppsala University?
Is it true that 160 is the max peak exposure limit of carbon tetrachloride?
What is the population and nationality of Zip the Pinhead?
Tell me me a unit of energy whose name consist of the word "joule" and whose based on metre
How many inventions were fone by Sagittarius A ?
What is true of this filter?
Which drug has the highest heat capacity?
When did Audrey Hepburn receive the Grammy Award for Best Spoken Word Album for Children?
n/a
Is Joaquin Phoenix a citizen of the United States of America?
tell me border whose name has the starts with I in it
How many students are there in the {Constantin Brâncuși} ?
What is the religious text provided by the biblical figure David?
What was William Shakespeare's occupation?
who symbol of quantity of cord ?
n/a
What was Helen Hayes in that she was nominated for Academy Award for Best Actress?
Is the wheelbase of the Lunar Roving Vehicle equal to 2.3?
What is the name of the person that the Euler equations are named for, that died in Saint Petersburg?
Who is the chief operating officers of the builders of the Nintendo DS?
Does the vertical depth of the Pervomayskaya equal 0?
Who plays the role of Superman in the movie Superman?
What is in the production of e-commerce?
What is it?
What position does Hu Jintao hold as part of the 9th National People's Congress?
Which shipwreck had more casualties than the RMS Titanic?
Which is the website account of Twitch?
What are the administrative divisions of Gummo Marx's citizenship?
What species of plants can be found in the botanical garden on the Toronto Zoo Domain Ride?
Is the heart rate of a horse equal to 40.8?
What is the mass of deuterium oxide?
Which is the occupational carcinogen for the polymer of polyvinyl chloride?
What is the EPCR player ID for Jonah Lomu?
Who is the head of country (or state)?
Is the muzzle velocity of the 5"/38 caliber gun equal to 790?
Which is the ethnic group which contains the word zambo in it's name?
When was Amsterdam founded?
What chemical compound has a significant drug interaction with astemizole starts with the letter t?
What date did Richard Attenborough marry Sheila Sim?
What town was lived in by Aristotle, whose partner town is Cali?
What was the primary profession of the author of "The Road to Serfdom?"
What do the authors of Needle in the Groove inform us about?
What lake of São Jorge Island has the Curoca River, a tributary?
Which is the Ensembl Transcript ID for SCT?
What are the low-cost airline which start with the letter vueling
What's the name of the instrument used in clustering of scientific?
Tell me which is the single-family detached home which contains the word villa in it's name?
What is the Cineplex code of Triumph of the Will?
Who discovered the plays of Emile Walteufel?
Mention the border participants of Livonian War?
Does the short term exposure limit of benzene get greater than 2.4?
What is the CPU with the fastest FSB speed?
Are Kelsey and Allen given names of Kelsey Grammer?
What is UIC numerical country code for Albania ?
What is Bill Falkinder's branch mascot?
Is it true that the mean lifetime of W or Z boson equals to 0.0000000000000000000000003?
What river is a tributary for the Hertfordshire?
What is the name of the garrison sister town of Charles University in Prague?
Where is the location of birth of Antónia Ferreira subdivided into Galafura e Covelinhas?
Was Andy Kaufman a comedian and showman for an occupation?
Who was the chairman of the event producer in the 2017 Masters?
When did Alan García become the President of Peru?
In Exodus, a mountain serves as a narrative location--where is it?
Is the boiling point of eicosane equal to 344.1?
Name the barque with the most masts ?
When was Reinhard Hoppner the head of government for Saxony-Anhalt?
Which commemorative coin with the lowest face value is made of gold?
Which department is responsible for the city of Paris
Is the IPA number order of the voiced bilabial nasal less than 136.8?
What is Nicol David's PSA world tour ID?
When was Dennis Lillee a member of the Tasmanian cricket team?
What is the exhibition history of Pomona College?
What are the rock band which start with the letter yellowcard
What music from Loretta Lynn received an award?
Who is Johann Wolfgang von Goethe's partner?
What is the death location of Saul on the continent of Asia?
Who is the inventor of Titan?
who champion of awarded of jan tinbergen ?
Which is the monocation for the conjugation base of ammonia?
what is in the Freebase ID of niall ferguson?
In which country is the Kingdom of Wessex located?
What are the series ordinal of Ernesto Samper as Secretary General of the Non-Aligned Movement?
Which is the World Series of Poker ID of Phil Hellmuth?
who aircraft family for item operated of Air India?
What is the main sequence star G - type for Jupiter's child astronomical body?
Who edited the movie The Birth of a Nation ?
What are the civil code which start with the letter code
Is it true that the total reserves of Denmark equal 75391898443?
Name a song composed by Pete Townshend.
Claude Monet belonged to which art movement?
What Ghost in the Shell character was voiced by actor Kōichi Yamadera?
Who is the {tilting train} for {item operated} of {Amtrak}
Joss Whedon has been nominated for a Nebula Award for Best Script, for what piece of work?
What is the {aspect of history} that {follows} {apartheid}?
Tell me the end time for Federal Republic of Central America has capital as Sonsonate ?
Which films did Mike Myers write?
Which is the Elle.fr person ID of Miranda Kerr?
Which is the PCP reference number of Kunsthaus Zürich?
What is the { criterion used } for { pole vault } { record held } as { Eliza McCartney }?
In part of the series of The Bachelor, season 18, who is the director of the script?
Does Tarek Amouri has 63 national team caps?
Who is the spouse of the person who painted Glorious victory?
What is recorded at Revolver?
Who is the leader of party membership for Martin Dinha?
What is the number out of school childern of based on South Island?
What is Julian Assange's occupant's embassy?
Name the underground station with the most tracks in Finland?
What does the Coca-Cola Company manufacture?
What is Internet Bird Collection species ID for common quail ?
What is the asteroid with the highest longitude of ascending node whose site of astronomical discovery is Vienna Observatory?
Is the distance from earth to the Messier 107 20,550?
Is the bore Mitsubishi Kinsei equal to 140?
Was Prague a twin administrative body of Hamburg and Miami-Dade County?
What series of silicate minerals is named after Ernest H. Nickel?
Which company in Russia has the lowest total equity?
How many narrators are in Dracula?
Which archaeological site was the former capitol of the Achaemenid Empire?
In what year did Tim Hunt give a Croonian Lecture?
Which is legislative body of Cook Islands?
What mechanical property of materials starts with the letter "y"?
Which 3D film was Sarah Silverman a voice actor for?
In which famous spaceflight Neil Armstrong was involved ?
Name a Roman province located in the Roman Empire.
what is working on galactic astronomy, that has a dwarf galaxy Boötes II
Which {streak color} is {solid solution series with} of {fayalite} ?
WHICH IS CAPABLE OF INHIBITING OR PREVENING PATHOLOGICAL PROCESS OF PRESCRIBED DRUG OF INFLAMMATION
When was The Band inducted into the Canadian Music Hall of Fame?
Which is the Phasmida Species File ID for Phasmatodea?
what is the symbol which measures angstrom?
who constitutional republic for ethnic group of Indigenous peoples of the United States?
Who is the person that was student of Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz?
What group is opium in?
What is a cause of botulism?
Which is Louisiana Sports Hall of Fame ID for Terry Bradshaw?
What is from Dungeons & Dragons' fictional universe?
Tell me a {character encoding} whinch includes the word {yuscii} in its name
Who is the prime minister that came from Barfoot Gen?
Did Barbados have a diplomatic relationship with Nigeria in the past?
What is long  lives in  John Keats ?
who desired outcome of remake of half moon replica ?
What are the form factor which start with the letter u
What writer, born in Hamburg, wrote Curious George?
What year was The Funnies created, and who published it?
Is the enthalpy of vaporization of nitric acid 46.92?
What award did Cherry Jones achieve in the 49th Tony Awards?
Which is the Art Renewal Center ID for Lawrence Alma-Tadema?
What nomination was received by the inventor of the oscilloscope?
What stepper motor has the least torque?
Which {coat of arms} {is in the administrative region of} of {Western Canada} ?
What is playing hand of Novak Djokovic ?
What is the FAI ID of Neil Armstong?
What is the patronym or matronym for Vladimir Putin's name?
Name the Wikidata property known as  Bulgarian Antarctic with the least amount of records?
Name the submarine power cable with the least throughput whose CEO is Nasos Ktorides
When was Luc Besson married to Milla Jovovich?
What is the {sexual orientation} and the {sex or gender} of {Deadpool} ?
What is the athlete Zinedine Zidane's business
Tell me about talk show for presenter of Ellen DeGeneres?
When did George Harrison leave the Beatles?
What dominion of the British Empire is Wellington part of?
What is list of characters from narrative of Mario ?
Which films did screenwriter Andrew Lloyd Webber produce?
What is the Japanese word for anime?
Who lives in the Razav Khorasan Province?
What is the topic's main category for divination?
Do Asian elephants have self-awareness?
What would be the competing bibliography of all mankind?
Name an actor in Friends
Is the river mouth of Esperanto Island less than 802.56 miles?
Tell me the religion of the main regulatory text of Tao Te Ching and that starts with the letter t?
Who is the namesake of the Planck constant, who was a member of the Licean Academy?
What insecticide has the lowest combustion point?
Palauli forms part of the capital of Apia, give the complete place name.
What is the award received by Ansel Adams followed by Lennart Nilsson?
What award did Yaşar Kemal receive from Günter Grass?
Who is the teacher of the kids of Ali al-Hadi?
What is the NUTTAB food ID for Port wine?
WHICH IS THE SCIENCE MUSEUM WITH THE MAXIMUM VISITORS PER YEAR
Name the nuclear weapons test with the lowest explosive energy equivalent whose country of origin is soviet union?
What is Information Center for Israeli Art artist ID for Daniel Libeskind ?
Was John Glenn granted the Congressional Gold Medal and the Achievement Medal?
Which is the RXNO Ontology of aldol condensation?
Who is the founder of Michelin Guide who is an alumna of Lycee Louis-le-Grand?
What kind of compact car has the greatest range?
What city in New York County is the birth city of Jon Finkel?
What is the place of birth of Alvin Ailey located in the administrative territorial entity known as Rogers?
What is the avionics of radar?
What are weapon studio which start with the letter z
What famous people were born in Yekaterinburg?
TELL ME THE FAMOUS WORK WRITTEN BY MULE BONE?
What is the name of the reservoir the Grand Coulee Dam made?
In what {city} did {Sigmund Freud} die?  {Hint: its partner city is Zagreb.}
What country was Def_Leppard formed?
When did Havana have a twinned administrative body of Cusco?
What community of Belgium uses Dutch as its official language?
Which is the ISBN publisher prefix for DC Comics?
Which is the analog or derivative of diazepam?
Who are the kids of Vsevolod the Big Nest whose location of burial is Dormition Cathedral?
Is the number of representations of A Seaside Rendezvous less than 2.4?
What is Lou Reed's MusicBrainz artist ID?
How many package management systems exist for Android?
Tell me the historical ethnical group that is depicted by the Book of Genesis and contains the word scythians in it's name?
How much alkanol is in the highest autoignition temperature?
Which business enterprise has the most total liabilities?
In the tetrahedral group, does the cardinality of the group equal to 14.4?
which is the  country for August has named after as Alp Arslan?
What is the name of the stockholder who worked for Ray Kurzweil?
Was Patricia Arquette nominated for an academy award and golden raspberry award?
In what year did William Bateson give a Croonian Lecture?
What field of journalism is Aloysius Bertrand in?
What is the had reason of revolutions of 1917-1923 between central powers?
What was the academic major of Donald Knuth and where was he educated at?
n/a
Who is the game artist of Final Fantasy VII?
What are the list of characters and the characters of Buffy the Vampire Slayer?
Did the brother of Matilda of Habsburg have kids?
Which is the SecondHandSongs artist ID of George Harrison?
What are the epic poem which start with the letter tambuka
What is the sovereign state of Oslo
Who died in the writers of Philosophical Investigations?
Which is the Europeana ID of Las Meninas?
Are the beats per minute of Dance of Deception less than 0.0?
Who is Paulo Coelho's favorite player that has a career as a lyricist?
Which is Open Library subject ID for Halley's Comet?
What time does Agra start in the administrative territorial entity for Agra district?
When did Bettie Page die?
Who is the relative of the Faisal of Saudi Arabia?
What superhero is present in Sonic the Hedgehog?
Who are the daughters of the wives of Hans Rehmann?
What is pronunciation audio of tongue that is language of work or name is German?
For what work was Paul Thomas Anderson nominated for the Academy Award for Best Writing, Adapted Screenplay ?
WHAT IS THE BORN OF ANNE ENRIGHT
How many anthems are for Bulgaria?
What is Monica Vitti's National Portrait Gallery ID in London?
What is art work of paul klee famous books ?
What time zone is the continent of Levant?
What drug treats inflammation?
When did Eduard Gurvits step down as the head of government of Odessa?
Lactobacillus belongs to which taxon?
What is notation of Earth ?
Which is the radio telescope operator of California Institute of Technology?
When did Richard Wright cease to be a member of the Communist Party USA?
What is David Ben - Gurion's Declaration of Independence?
What is the concept developed by Niklas Luhman and which has the word "society" in their name?
Which is the taxon for the taxon source of milk?
When did Faye Dunaway die who was married to Terry O'Neill?
Where is the {filming location} and the {narrative location} of {Forrest_Gump} ?
Who plays the creator of Planta do Foro de Quiteria Maria Amaral Occupado Por Francisco Antonio Mariano Situado no Lageado - Freguezia da Penha Municipio da Capital São Paulo (Alekhine, Nicolau)?
When did Max Müller receive the Bavarian Maximilian Order for Science and Art?
Which is the municipal archive of the archives of Bonn?
Which is located in or next to body of water of Saipan?
What is the longitude and latitude of the atomic bombing that happened in Nagasaki?
"Which is {signs} of {common cold}, that has {has underlying cause} is {type I hypersensitivity} ?"
What film trilogy is Once Upon a Time in the West part of?
What is the municipal council in Finland with the lowest number of seats whose applies to jurisdiction is Lappajärvi ?
Which taxon has cinnamon as a component for its fabrication ?
What is unit symbol of kelvin ?
Who produced The Birth of a Nation?
Which {applies to territorial jurisdiction} of {holds position} of {Septimius Severus} ?
What is  the first minister of the place of activity  of Richard Russell ?
What is the largest County Wexford constituency?
Is it true that the students count of the Protestant College of Tabor is less than 69.6?
Which is the connecting line of Stockholm metro?
Who is the Norse deity killed by Baldur?
Who replaces J.J. Thompson as the President of the Royal Society?
What is the Sea of Galilee's bathymetry image?
Is the parallax of DX Cancri less than 220.64?
Which Class IIIA combustible liquid has the highest short-term exposure limit?
Which is Flanders Music Centre person ID for Stromae?
Who was the inventor and what is the history of the Periodic table?
Is the observing time of the Leviathan of Parsonstown equal to 60?
who state of languages spoken of marcel carné ?
Where in the bible can you find the book of David?
What is the highest constitutional court level you can find in Hamburg ?
Which is a picture of Ryōtarō Shiba?
Is Mario Puzo the screenwriter of The Godfather?
What are the symptoms and drug used for treatment of Gastroenteritis?
Was colonel_sanders is doing occupation as cook in restaurateur?
Name the lowest Alexa ranked magazine?
Which is the Wikimedia category for the category of associated people of Oslo?
Is the male population of Capital Hill equal to 0?
What is the Human phenotype ontology ID of borderline personality disorder?
What is the governing document of the Navajo people?
What is the gross domestic product per capita based on purchasing power parity of Siddhartha's location?
What films is Bruce Willis cast in
what is the royal or noble rank contains the word in their name
When was 1st Baron Robert Baden-Powell nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize?
What is the number of protons of the decays to of potassium-40?
What platform and software engine does Dota 2 use?
Name the type of work done by Robert Frost for which he has received award as Pulitzer Prize for Poetry?
Vladimir Lenin was the head of government of which historical country.
Give me the name of the mass media that starts with 'y' and has a 3GPP readable file format.
Which is the cruise speed of Airbus A340?
What award was received by Maurice Wilkes for his work in Electronic delay storage automatic calculator?
Which is the Filmportal ID for Arsène Wenger?
Who runs the capital city Tenochtitlan?
What death place is divided into by Philaret Drozdov?
Tell me  Jewish denomination whose name has the word judaism  in it.
Tell me theatrical genre whose name has the word zauberstück in it.
Tell me probability distribution whose name has the word distribution in it.
Does an Earthquake have a soil liquefaction effect?
What is the {capital} of {Kangwon Province}, which is a {member of} the {International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies}?
Give me a name of coachwork type, that starts with an alphabet 'v'.
What is the postal code of United States Naval Academy which has its headquarters in Annapolis?
what is it that with the using of Sauteeing, causes an immediate effect called the Maillard reaction?
Which is the military designation of C-130 Hercules?
What is regulated by sports  Union of North African Football Federations ?
What is the occupational carcinogen for polyvinyl chloride's monomer?
When did Michel Serrault receive the Cesar Award for Best Actor?
Did George_Clooney live in Laglio ?
What is the phone number of the United States Postal Service?
Is it true that the main voltage of Finland is greater than 184.0?
Was the F16 Made by Turkish Aerospace Industries or Caproni?
Which is the autonomous system number of Amazon?
Which is the language of the writing system of the Phoenician alphabet?
Which Class IC flammable liquid has the highest standard molar entropy?
What is Portuguese Job Code CPP-2010 for astronomer?
What is the funicular with the lowest average gradient whose source of energy is electricity?
who is brother for children of Eleanor of Aquitaine ?
Who is {headed by} of {party membership} of {Luis Alberto Sánchez} ?
What amount of people worked on the film Catwoman?
Give the world record that Hicham El Guerrouj holds.
What are the intergovernmental organization that contains the word southern in their name
Is the elevation above sea level of the Markermeer equal to -3.2?
Which is EIRIN film rating for Breakfast at Tiffany's?
How do you rate the Via col Vento edition on a musical scale?
When did Ingvar Kamprad marry Kerstin Wadling?
Who is the {human} for {father} of {Alexander Graham Bell}
What team is Radamel Falcao Garcia a member of sports team and what is his number of matches played?
Who was the screenwriter of Neon Genesis Evangelion?
Where is the pendant in the Portrait of Maria Bockenolle (Wife of Johannes Elison)?
Name the item operator of the object accessed by Air Mauritius
Who presents The Tonight Show and when does it end?
What is the name of the ethnic group that originates from Korea?
What is the economy whose name contains the word russia in it?
Which means {Beach Volleyball Database ID} for {Misty May-Treanor} ?
What what is programming language programming paradigm non-structured programming  and  alsowhich that starts with letter b
Is the minimum spend bonus of the American Express Gold Card less than 40?
Is Hydrogen different from dihydrogen?
who musician of predecessor of right here right now tour ?
What opponent competed against Kerri Walsh Jennings?
Tell me system of units whose name has the word units in it.
Is the hydraulic head of the Mykstufoss powerplant more than 49.6?
What is the soundtrack album of Symphony No. 5?
Who is the namesake of Count Lagrangian point?
Which television show does Ellen DeGeneres host?
When was Carl Sagan married Ann Druyan?
What is the name of a roof shape that starts with the letter t.
What is Castor's luminosity?
how many lakes run to lake baikal?
What is the Wikimedia category for the list of films shot on location in Montreal?
Tell me health specialty whose name has the word sam in it.
Which is the ICSC ID of sodium hydroxide?
Name the multiple star constellation where you can find Centaurus that starts with letter H
What is music genre of comes before  I mine øjne ?
Which is replaced by North Carolina?
Name a color that contain the word "yellow " in its name
What is {colour} of {team} of {Maurice Wellock} ?
What essays are contained in," The Federalist Papers"?
Which HyperText Markup Language series W3C recommendation comprises of  the letters html5 in its name?
Was Mary_Tyler_Moore cause of death influenza?
What are the orbits of the Local Bubble that are part of the constellation Orion?
What are the direct-controlled municipality which start with the letter t
Which is Flanders Arts Institute organisation ID for Tate Modern?
Which country is the Hebrew language spoken?
Which jobs did the characters of Pinocchio have?
What is the linguistic typology of Austro- Asiatic languages?
In what division is the service operator of Airbus A380?
Where did the Allies take part?
Who is the person that founded the Society of Jesus?
What is needed for sailing a ship?
Is the prize money of Literaturpreis der Wilhelm and Christine Hirschmann-Stiftung greater than 16000?
What is painting  of coat  arms of Overbetuwe ?
Is the toughness of the polycarbonate  27.5?
who is the sister or brother Flaying of Marsyas portrait?
What is { award received } from { Mario Puzo } which is the subject of { 47th Academy Awards }?
What item was used in the birth of Victor E. Renuart, Jr.?
When did the life stance of saint governing text ?
which aircraft is driving the fastest on take-off?
What college down shares a border with Munich?
Was Hunter S. Thompson in Hell's Angels: The Strange and Terrible Saga of the Outlaw Motorcycle Gangs and The Kentucky Derby is Decadent and Depraved?
how many academic degrees does ernest rutherford have?
Is the number of works for the school equal 7?
Where does one apply the starch?
What is the birth location, with a partner city of Khabarovsk, of Shannon Larratt?
Is the mass of the Procyon less than 1.8?
what was the end time for Clifford Geertz has employer as University of Chicago?
"Which prize received by Martha Graham, has another one of the winners named Lynn Fontanne?"
The total fertility rate of Liechtenstein is?
Is it true that the compression ratio of the Junkers Jumo 210 is less than 7.8?
What is National Library of Greece ID for  Maurice Ravel ?
Which is the Lotsawa House Indian author ID of Nagarjuna?
What are the concepts that contain the word "übersarung" in their name ?
Who is the film director for The Star Wars Holiday Special?
What record is the held for disc golf and where is it held?
When was Ximo Puig the head of government for the Valencian Community?
What combustible gas with the highest IDLH exists in humans?
Who were Apollo's partner's Muses?
TELL ME EMIRATE OF THE UNITED ARAB EMIRATES WHOSE NAME HAS THE WORD FUJAIRAH IN IT
Is it true that the generation time of the Human immunodeficiency virus 1 equals to 1.2?
Did Kamal Haasan speak Romance Languages and Tamil?
What is in the  Transfermarkt manager ID of Alex Ferguson ?
What can you use to treat signs of lead poisoning?
How much Bourbon whiskey is used to make a mint julep?
Moon Jae-in is the head of state of which sovereign state ?
Tell me the region of the Czech Republic that is the twinned administrative body of Hamburg.
What is the bald eagle's Guide to North American Birds ID?
What is mascot of took part in  Thierry Henry ?
Was Charles_II_of_England's childs George FitzRoy, 1st Duke of Northumberland and Lady Mary Tudor
Is the minimum age of the Category 1 0.0?
Does the HMS Shrospshire have a cruise speed of 25.6?
which reserve currency has the highest price?
Is it true that Buddy Holly signed with Brunswick and CNR Records?
What is a prescribed drug for strokes that is capable of inhibiting or preventing the pathological process of cerebrovascular disease?
WHICH IS THE PHASE OF LIFE THAT CONTAINS THE WORD ZYGOSPORE IN THEIR NAME
Where did Madam C. J. Walker, a member of ASEAN Regional Forum, deceased at?
Which religion affiliation was established by Mahendra Sūri?
What is the Harasire id for Northern dancer?
Which cult film did Francis Ford Coppola direct?
When did Ingmar Bergman marry Else Fisher?
Provide a programming language that contained the word zpl in their name used for array programming  paradigm.
what is the {stated age at event} for {Noah} that has {significant event} as {death} ?
Name the unit used to measure mass quantity that starts with letter w
What is the superhuman feature or ability of the superhero Daredevil?
Bill Gates is the chairperson for what private foundation located in the United States?
When did William Jones become a Fellow of the Royal Society?
Who is the manager/director of BBC?
How awards received are for Alexy Sudayev?
What is the birth place of Margery Williams that has town and is part of the London Borough of Ealing?
Did Ghostbusters cast members Bill Murray and Sigourney Weaver?
What work did Blanca Esthela Guerra Islas receive the Ariel Award for Best Actress?
What is the name of the sister town of the location of birth of Troy Fraser ?
Is it true that the number of seats of Coles equals to 1?
Who was born in Hugh Griffith near a body of water?
What is the {scientific area} of {correspondence at} of {Emil Baumgartel}?
Did Metallica produce Megadeth?
when did gregory of nyssa die in circa?
Which is the spoken text audio for median?
In what year was Joan Sutherland awarded a Royal Philharmonic Society Gold Medal?
what are the newscast which start with the letter w
Who is the chairperson of Durica Jojkić's committee?
Whicth is {criterion used} for{Laissez faire} ?
Which is the Rijksmonument IDfor Concertgebouw?
Are Princess Feodora Of Leiningen and Queen Victoria related?
Tell me how to use academic discipline for syntax?
Tell me area of law whose name has the word law in it.
Which is {manifestation of} of {work} of {Johann Reinhard Kistner} ?
When did Severus Snape stop being the headmaster of Hogwarts?
Who influenced the author of I taste a liquor never brewed?
What are the musical which start with the letter w
Is the minimum frequency of audible sound for goldfish greater than 24?
What are the  geometric concept which start with the letter s
Which is the decay mode for uranium-238?
Tell me the isotope hydrogen which follows deuterium and whose name starts with t?
What is Irish Sites and Monuments Record ID  for Trinity College Dublin
In what environment is the series Darius Force set?
What country that is a member of the International Centre for Settlement of Investment Disputes has the most GDP?
Whose deathplace was Saint Petersburg, where the tribute to Pictures at an Exhibiltion took place?
How is the last name of Franz Marc pronounced in other languages?
What position in government did Franz Dobush have?
Was Aileen Wuornos convicted of depraved heart murder and robbery?
Which is the BPS language code of Sudanese?
Are Krillin and Son Gohan Dragon Ball Z characters?
Does the degree of relation of a great grandfather equal 3.6?
which type of quantum particle that interaction  gravity starts with q
Which is the honorific for the officeholder of Salman of Saudi Arabia?
Does Seth's husband have sons?
Name a nationalist  political party that contains the word "patriots " in its name
What cities of Central Europe have correspondence at the National Archives?
Is the Bengali writing system Arabic script and Kolezhuthu?
Who has daughter with James vii and ii, and is the son of Anne Hyde?
Who is the chief executive officer of Hewlett-Packard?
What is Niccolo Paganini's, composer of Mutopia, composer ID?
Was Ramadan followed by Eid al-adha?
How many are approved for the Iraq War?
What are theheavy equipment which start with the letter tractor
What is David Beckham's MLS player ID?
What disease that is treated with epinephrine requires a medical specialist of infectious diseases?
Is the cash of the Delta Air Lines more than 2313600000.0?
When did J. Robert Oppenheimer begin the series as Julius?
What is Jonny Depp's native language what language does he ust for speaking, writing and/or signing?
Which film did Hayao Miyazaki produce?
When did Lucille Ball and Gary Morton get divorced?
Who is starring in the film Starfleet Academy?
Which is the bestuursorgaan of the basic form of government of Georgetown University?
What character serves as a narrator in the book On the Road ?
What is  it?
What is the position held by Benito Pérez Galdós whose electoral district is Guayama?
Are Pi and its symbol the same?
Which is the sRGB color hex triplet for Cambrian?
Is the patronage of the Guiuan Airport equal to 1.2?
What election has the highest ballots for Thomas Playford?
In which twin cities was Prince Aloys Franz de Paula Maria born?
Who are the daughters of Fanny Fern?
Tell me which is the athletic conference which contains the word north in it's name?
Where was Ansel Adams born and how did he die?
Which person was inspired by Arianna Huffington?
Which is the film that is followed by the The Texas Chain Saw Massacre?
How many cuisines are made with borscht?
How many people speak spanish as their first language
What is the alumna of Jenny Holzer, who is in the category for employees of the organization Ohio University faculty?
Which archaeological site did Qin Shi Huang commission?
Who gave the{musician} of {previous is} of {Immortal} ?
Which is the metropolitan municipality in Turkey for the twinned administrative body of Lahore?
What is the political party of Silvio Berlusconi ?
What are the public educational institution of the United States which start with the letter university
What Legal State, with diplomatic relations with Bangladesh has the highest marriage age?
Who are the fellow workers of James Monroe?
Which is the Online Books Page author ID of Molière?
Who is the organizer and what is location of Australian Open?
Which is the software engine of Team Fortress 2?
Does the compressive strength of the callitris glaucophlla equal 53?
Was Mr._Bean screenwriter Ben Elton and Paul Weiland?
Where did Jarmila Kratochvílová set a record for the 400 metre dash?
Was David Spade educated at Arizona State University and Estrella Mountain Community College?
When is {date of death} of {Anaximenes of Miletus} where {sourcing circumstances} is {circa} ?
Who was cast as Rocky Horror for The Rocky Horror Picture Show?
When did the member originate from The Castle?
For which movie was Christian Bale nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor?
Is Istanbul the capital of Turkey?
Did Indian National Congress maintain liberalism and left wing populism?
who is the member of Roberto Baggio sports team and how many matches did they play?
Which time zone in Campania has daylight saving time?
Which is the cardinality of the group of ext4?
Tell me conflict whose name has the word wars in it.
What is the diplomatic relation of the main topic of the European Union's economy?
Is the parity of oxygen-13  equal to  -1?
What is the CEO's office of the religious affiliation of Bartholomew the Apostle?
tell me state of India that located in the administrative territorial entity India which  starts with u
Which is the association football club for the member of sports team Ryan Giggs?
Who's voice is dubbed in Freemium Isn't Free
What is the mouthpiece of the {Deutsche Bahn} ?
Does the floors below ground of the U.S. Bank Tower equal to 2?
Is it true that the periapsis of 1951 Lick equals to 1.3048936?
Does Tamala park has 0 male population?
Which is the J. Paul Getty Museum artist ID for Caspar David Friedrich?
What are the mass media which start with the letter y
What was Ludwig van Beethoven a student of and who was a student?
Who discovered and what is Uranium name after?
Tell me which is the legal doctrine which contains the word person in it's name?
Is the galatic latitude of Orion Nebula less than -15.5071472
Which restaurateur coined the term hot dog?
How many awards received were for Lincoln Kirstein?
What political part did Muammar al-Daddafi found
What is the distance of Jupiter from the Sun?
How many matches did Josef Bican play for what team?
fdhgdfh
Who gave the{head office location} of {works for} of {Lars Stigzelius} ?
What is the Country of origin of Mojito?
What was the name of the International Master chess player with the lowest rating?
In what year was Vladimir Vysotsky married to Lyudmyla Abramova?
Which is the Nickel-Strunz 9th edition (updated 2009) of sphalerite?
WHICH IS THE PROFESSIONAL DEGREE THAT CONTAINS THE WORD MASTER IN THEIR NAME
Which is the number of victims had by killer Jeffrey Dahmer?
What is Shetlock's Deutsche Synchronkartei series ID?
Is Copenhagen twinned with Oslo and Nuuk
How many capitals are in France?
Was Akon record label Stax and UpFront Records?
who occurrence for discoverer or inventor of CERN?
Why is the higher taxon of platyrrhini often confused with the monkey?
"Which career of Colley Cibber, has a field of this career in the performing arts?"
Which is the Slovenska biografija ID for Joseph Radetzky von Radetz?
Was David_Duchovny occupation singer-songwriter and screenwriter?
Richard Roger's FOIH person ID is what?
Which is MyAnimeList anime ID of Attack on Titan?
who telephone code of location born of jack kevorkian ?
Who is the participant of Ludmilla Tourischeva awarded Olympic silver medal?
What landlocked country replaced Czechoslovakia?
WHAT IS THE I TUNES APP ID OF MINERCRAFT
What is number of out of school children of continent history of the america?
What is the name of the animated skunk in Looney Tunes?
Name the Sparkasse with highest tier 1 capital ratio?
Where is The New York Times published?
Where is the head office location of International Air Transport Association that contains Lachine?
What is World Snooker ID of Ronnie O'Sullivan?
What is Ivan Pyryev's middle name, which is the same as Juan's?
What is the total revenue of the {Tencent} ?
Name the spot of neon that has diplomatic relation in Denmark.
What is the street address of Georgetown University in Georgetown?
What is elected in Edmund Barton, the Member of the Australian House of Representatives?
What is the number of survivors for D.B. Cooper?
What are the village which start with the letter w
What is the Playmates Playmate ID for Pamela Anderson
Eros is the father of how many?
Which is {administrative headquarters} {succeeds} of {Visigothic Kingdom} ?
What is the players maximum number of plays in World Chess Championship?
What is a crisis that starts with the letter u.
Which  is UN packaging group of hydrofluoric acid ?
Who did Abbas I of Persia replace who held the position of Shah?
Which is the Mathematics Subject Classification ID for supersymmetry?
Which is the Filmiroda rating for Battle Royale?
What are thedemographic profile which start with the letter teenager
What is The LIR of Liechtenstein?
What is {René Coty}'s {Elysee.fr president ID}?
Which currency starts with the letter y
What took place at the Fortress Besieged, with Myanmar diplomatic relations?
When was Comoros a member of the International Development Association?
Did Pope John Paul II know French and Russian?
Who is the publisher for The Lees of Hong Kong?
What is in the district of Tripura that shares a border with Bhutan?
What is the location directed by Fireworks Wednesday?
Which afterburner used by military aircraft has the lowest maximum thrust?
Which business got substituted by 20th Century Fox
On which album is the track OK computer?
"What is the murder method of Karl Donitz, that is carvedilol?"
How many brands are there for Procter & Gamble?
How many families are registered in Taipei?
Did Buzz Aldrin spend less than 13913.6 time in space?
Tell me the major party which holds the office as head of the organisation by the chairman of the Social Democratic Party and whose name contains the word democratic?
Name a University that contain the word "virginia " in its name
Who discovered Esperanto?
which 24 hours of le mans entry has the highest laps completed?
What country for May was named after Magtymguly Pyragy?
What is the tributary of the extreme point deepest of Papua New Guinea?
What is the Canal-U channel ID of University of ParisVI: Pierre-and-Marie-Curie University?
What is the pseudonym of the person who developed Bitcoin ?
What is the Honorary title of Bertrand Tavernier, that was won by Adbellatif Kechiche?
Tell me dwarf planet whose name has the word pluto in it.
What Bebelio author ID George W.Bush has?
Name a business subsidiary of Nissan
When was Charles Hermite educated at Ecole Polytechnique?
Who is the head of state of Erich Honecker?
Who is the child of Agamemnon and the mother of Clytemnestra?
When did Goldie Hawn and Gus Trikonis get married?
Who is the manufacture for the Airbus A300?
What is the typology of Dravidian languages whose antonym is fusional language?
What is the Entonants voyagerus login for Martin Amis?
Did Manhattan share a border with Brooklyn and the Bronx?
Tell me the fundamental state of matter that is manifested by gaseous state of matter and contains the word gas in it's name?
What government structure starts with the letter "t"?
How many software engines are used to play Wolfenstein?
Who is the {film} for {screenwriter} of {Ang Lee}
Is the inflation rate of Denmark equal to 0.6?
"Which is {treated by} of {hiccups}, who {physically interacts with} is {Dopamine receptor D1} ?"
Which is the category combined topics of the Autonomous Region in Muslim Mindanao?
Whats the NPCA ID of Grand teton National Park?
Did Pablo Picasso receive his education at the Royal Birmingham Conservatoire?
Where was the birthplace of Antoine de Saint-Exupery?
What was the date when İzmir was declared Kingdom of Greece?
What is the example to the fisher group in general?
What medication do you take for leprosy?
Which is the MathWorld identifier for magic square?
Who is the {inner planet} for {parent astronomical body} of {International Space Station}
What is IUPAC GoldBook ID for thiol ?
Which is the rock band that has Axl Rose as the member?
What are the type of posthumous work which start with the letter P
What is the Location and Organizer of the AVN award?
What is the name of the airline that replaces Delta Air Lines?
When did Marit Bjørgen receive an award for Olavstatuetten?
Is the redshift of Messir 90 less than -0.0009408
who is pupil advisor of James Stevens ?
Weimar Republic has what national anthem?
What influence did Daniel Handler have on the people of the United States?
When did the Republic of Venice become a state?
Which was the faith of the office held by Leo III?
How many airline hub for AirAsia?
What are the Native American tribe in the United States which start with the letter tulalip
What river is in Hertforshire?
Why did Hebe Camargo and Décio Capuano get divorced?
Who is {sons} and {daughter of} {Odysseus} ?
Did Edward Snowden work with J. Edgar Hoover?
Where does Jean-Jacques Rousseau live
Which is the pathogen transmission process of fluid?
From when Antwerp twinned Shanghai administrative body.
where are the residence and occupation for Jessica_Chastain?
What are the civilizations that start with the letter V
When did York become a country in the Kingdom of Great Britain?
Who is the copyright owner for RIA Novosti?
What is the Zhihu topic ID for logarithm?
Which  is manner  of Sesshū Tōyō ?
Where in Black Hills is the place of detention?
Name the child of the Jiajing Emperor that has a brother or sister that is the Longqing Emperor.
When was Delhi, India founded?
Name a gland in the human body that starts with letter P
What is highest perimeter of Fraxinus excelsior?
Name the ice hockey team that allowed the most number of goals in the 2000-2001 season.
What altitude is adjacent to Balikpapan?
Which is the property that contains the word ziegeldurchschuss in it's name?
What is the name of integrated library system for SQL?
What countries are involved in the African Union?
What group did the brothers of Fabio Ochoa Vasquez belong to?
What is the { end time } for { James Comey } as an { independent politician }?
how many electorates does manila have?
which  is subsidiary entities of service branch of Godfrey Weitzel ?
At which university was Jeff Bezos educated and what was his academic major?
When was Buffy Sainte-Marie awarded an honorary doctorate?
Who is the club manager for the team member known as Colin McDonald?
What type of taxon was the proximate outcome of the Black Death?
Which is the Store medisinske leksikon ID for titanium?
Which sport tour has the highest number of losses?
Name the cause and effect of Hepatitis.
What is the Danish parish code for Karen Blixen's birthplace in Rungstedlund?
Is it true that the distance from Earth of the Messier 13 equals to 23150?
where is administrative headquarters for perpetrator of Battle of Ankara ?
What is the maximum magniture of 4 Vesta?
Who is the head of government for Otto von Bismarck?
Who is the role model of language written by Robert Conquest?
How many positions has Napoleon III held?
What is the name of the lake which has the greatest perimeter and also has a moderate WFD Ecological status?
What is the Serbian Academy member ID for Roman Jakobson?
Is the nominal GDP of Ethiopia equal to 80561496133.9172?
WHAT ARE THE WORD THAT  ROOT WHICH CONTAINS TYPE OF MATHEMATICAL FUNCTION
What tennis awards has Billie Jean King won?
What is the largest lake in Canada?
Which is the magazine with place of publication in New York City and that contains the word vibe in it's name?
Which is the YCBA agent ID for Robert Baden-Powell, 1st Baron Baden-Powell?
The Book of Mormon is the published literature for which religion?
Who is {sister} of {musical artist} of {That Song in My Head} ?
What political ideology does Sukano follow?
Which programming language did Dennis M. Ritchie create?
Is Stephen Hendry's highest break equal to 147?
What is the location of death, which has arrondissements with Podoli, of Jan Palach?
When is the preterite tense used in Italian?
What is that is of
which is the country of citizenship and occupation of William_Shatner?
What does happen when you put Q48460 and gauge boson in contact ?
Who is the fictional person whose name starts with the letter t?
What historic era of the Roman Empire is named after the diophantine equation?
Is the upper flammable limit of pentane equal to 7.8?
What continent did Paco Moncayo have fidelity to?
Which municipal election which featured at least one Centre Party Candidate had the most eligible voters?
Which disease is treated with cortisol?
Which wine-producing region has the highest production rate ?
Was Michael Douglas nominated for a BAFTA for Best Film?
is the {start time} for {New York City} has {head of government} as {Robert F. Wagner} ?
What is the name of Tina Turner's filmography?
What is the NCL ID of Cao Xueqin?
What was the population of the Araucanía Region in the census?
Tell me the kingdom which contains the world "joseon" in its name and whose office is headed by King of Joseon Dynasty.
Who directed the movie Brokeback Mountain ?
Did Johnnie Cochran die of natural causes?
Does the Giotto consume power equal to 196?
Who was the previous captain of Soyuz TM-32
What was Jennifer Jones nominated for during the 17th Academy Awards?
what is bibcode for physical review?
What is the label of The Armed Man; a musical group that belongs to the parent company "Universal Music Group?"
When was Schutzstaffel the manager/director of Erhard Heiden?
When was Concerto for Piano and Orchestra no. 1 in E minor, op. 11 written?
What is {formed} which {represents} {Portrait of a Boy with a Golf Club and a Dog} ?
Whet academic degree did Zaha Hadid recieve?
Who is known for sculpting groups of mountain climbers?
What is the Basketball Hall of Fame ID for Dennis Rodman?
In what year did Deborah Kerr receive an award for Best Foreign Actress?
What award was presented to Lars Peter Hansen and Eugene Fama?
When did Minnie Mouse receive a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame?
Tell me the component that has hyperboloid shape and contains the word cooling in it's name?
The Seventh-day Adventist Church practices which religion?
What is Barbarian F.C. ID for Martin Johnson?
Which is {faculty} of {cohabitant} of {Carla Bruni} ?
What class would a student take to learn world history?
When are Sunflowers instead classed as a Sunflower?
What takes place in Macaronesia having tributary for Owenmore River?
For what type of work Peter O'Toole was nominated in the Ruling class?
What is the job of emergency management?
Tell me fictional detective whose name has the word sam in it.
What is the operating system of Instagram that can write in WebP Lossless?
What´s the musical score by the Nutcracker, that has representatived the work of Violin Concerto
What is the birth place of Greer Garson, that has a sister city to Los Angeles?
Which are the points classification of Chris Froome?
A measure of Planck temperature is measured by what?
What is the area of the college attended of Helen Allingham?
what is the vaccine for chickenpox?
Which is the field of work for Giotto di Bondone?
Overwatch features a number of different game modes, principally designed around squad-based combat with two opposing teams of six players each. ... Other modes set aside for casual matches include solo and team deathmatch, capture-the-flag, and unique modes run during various seasonal events.
What era followed apartheid?
What is influenced from the school of Les Demoiselles d'Avignon?
Where is the headquarters and home venue of FC Porto?
The birthplace of the Ku Klux Klan is in what country?
Which house did Mahatma Gandhi die in?
When did WikiLeaks receive the Sam Adams Award?
How many board members are there on the Free Software Foundation?
What is the US FIPS 5-2 numeric code for Kentucky?
Who is the father of Diocletian?
Which is the symbol of the physical quantity of the millisecond?
which is the single with the maximum strahler number whose drainage basin is susquehanna river basin?
What is the first language of Michael Richards whose grammatical person is third-person masculine singular?
Is the ultimate tensile strength of the Boron less than 4560.0?
Which is the hometown of Kevin Martin, that is next to Beaumont?
Name a state church that contain the word " movement" in its name
What field would writer Booth Tarkington's career be considered?
Who held the position of archbishop at the diocese of Ambrose.
Who is the owner of Pornhub?
"What is the official language for Khanate of Sibir, based in Crimean Peninsula?"
Jules Michelet influences how many?
"Which sister from the Olympias, has the Christian name Alexander?"
What is the median lethal dose of antimony administered orally?
When did Kobe start as the twinned administrative body at Haifa?
What religious text is a translation of Septuagint ?
Where has Thelonious Monk studied?
hat is the reactant  of the item used of eating ?
Who is the family of Henry II of England?
What is the set location of the rules of the game ?, What is it bordered by? I it Levallois Perret ?
Who is the builder of the Lighthouse of Alexandria and what architectural style was used?
What was the method of murder of Franchot Tone, whose medical specialty was oncology?
When did Louis Beel become Prime Minister of the Netherlands?
is the minimum age of USK 0 equal to 0?
What the heck is Navier-Stokes equations in mathematics?
Which is the jurisdiction that applies to the jurisdiction of the Member states of the United Nations and that contains the word council in it's name?
What is the taxon source of the coral's body?
Who are the cast members of Die Hard
Which is etymology of Planck length, that plays piano?
What is in the category competition of Wladimir Klitschko ?
What happens in the college that Roberto Bergersen attended?
Is the number of spans of the Talbot Memorial Bridge more than 3.6?
wich means{facet of} in {history of Japan} ?
Which is {target} of {article} {COMINFIL} ?
What is the position for the organization directed by the office of the African Union?
Is the Spherical vase with a raised mouth (DP 0123) have a horizontal depth which is smaller than 35.2?
Which is the scheduled service destination for Shanghai Pudong International Airport?
What is the first name of John Lothrop Motley, that is the equivalent of Gianni?
Are Tom Brady and Cam Newton quarterbacks?
Which is the Zee Cine Awards for the winner of Anil Kapoor?
What is the  Dana 8th edition of halite ?
Name the isotope of iridium with the highest parity that decays to osmium-164?
What language replaced Middle English?
What is the MovieMeter director ID of Anna Karina?
does the ridmit nimdia elo rating equal to 1322?
Was the Google search creator Larry Page?
Which religious group is the largest within Christianity?
kongo ancestral home?
Who was born in Wem and starred in The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy?
South Moravian Region is maintained by?
Does the total valid votes of the Catalan regional election in 2015 equal 230.4?
What is the ISO 15924 alpha-4 code of simplified Chinese characters?
What is Wednesday in Welsh?
When did Armenia become a member of the World Trade Organization?
What was the pre-Gregorian calendar birth date of Xenophon?
Who are Timur's child and father?
Is it true Herbert Marcuse and Friedrich Engels were founders of Marxism?
Is the albedo of the (8671) 1991 PW equal to 0.0272?
Does Harvard University's Endowment equal 39,200,000,000?
Is the frequency of the BorWin alpha equal to 0.0?
Is the lowest frequency of the audible sound of a house cat equal to 45?
Is the beer color of India Pale Ale more than 8.0?
When did All Nippon Airways start using Boeing 767?
which is instance of tablet computer?
WHICH ONE IS THE SPIRAL GALAXY WITH THE MOST RADIAL VELOCITY
Is the gestation period of the grey seal equal to 11.5?
When did Herge receive an award as Officer of the Order of the Crown?
Which characters are in Star Wars Episode V: The Empire Strikes Back?
Is the area of Vilshana-Slobidka equal to 0?
Which was the developer of the operating system of WhatsApp?
Who is Jane Fonda's spouse?
Which is the Dictionary of Art Historians ID for Gotthold Ephraim Lessing?
What is the independence referendum with the most votes received?
Tell me aircraft family whose name has the word wapiti in it.
What disease is treated by niacin?
Who owns YouTube as well as the parent agency Alphabet Inc?
St. Joseph the patron saint of which municipality in Guatemala?
When did William D. Becker stop being head of government for St. Louis?
What are dog breed which start with the letter w
WHICH IS THE BRANCH OF PHYSICS THAT CONTAINS THE WORD THERMODYNAMICS IN THEIR NAME
Who was a nominee for the Academy Award for Best Director?
What { replaced } for { Livorno } has { head of government } like { Nicola Badaloni }?
What is the starting time for Aleksandr Lyapunov who has educated as Saint Petersburg State University?
tell  me open content founded by Larry Sanger  starts with w
What is {time} of {continent} {Thrissur} ?
When was Mary Tyler Moore nominated in the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Miniseries or a Movie?
Who is the leader of the KGB?
Tell me the birthday of the executive power of Hiroshima.
What is the Die Hard film series
Who is the stadium operator for Clemson University
Who developed the Enterprise Application Server?
What is the capital of Tuscany that has a twin city named Asmara?
Which is the narrow-body airliner for the disjoint union of the Airbus A320?
which civil war starts with the letter w
Which is the Runeberg author ID for Blaise Pascal?
Which city of the United States that is enclave within of Los Angeles.
What is the chrysanthemum taxonomic type?
Who was made advisor of Madonna with child and saints?
When did Valentina Tereshkova receive the Order of Lenin?
What are the data structure which start with the letter tree
What is the musical score of Ave Verum Corpus that has a career in music pedagogue?
In what country is Sindh located?
What country in the Russian empire  did Fyodor Dostoyevsky die in?
What is the position of William Archibald Dunning as a member of the American Historical Association?
Who was the spouse of Rudolph Valentino and when did they divorce?
Is the vehicles per thousand people in Berlin less than 386.4?
What is the page banner for Joshua Tree National Park?
Is the inflation rate of Japan -.2?
Which is the Behind The Voice Actors film ID for Ghost in the Shell?
How was Don Lafontaine murdered?
Which is the village which contains the word tonbak in it's name?
What is pronunciation audio  for Disturbed that is {anguage of work or name is American English?
was emike Mcgear sibling to paul_McCartney
"What is {method of murder} of {István Fekete}, which has {used for treatment} is {PLAU} ?"
what is health specialty starts name s
Which pseudonym described in PlusPedia  is used by the fewest children?
What was Arnold Schwarzenegger's role in The Terminator?
What is the Regensbury Classification of history?
When was Pink's child, Willow Hart, born?
Who wrote part of the Balada de un dia de Julio?
Was the place of birth of Gene Wilder Milwaukee?
What was the {national anthem} of {Ottoman Empire}?
What is the twin cities of the birth location of Betty Sun?
Which is the BookBrainz creator ID of the H. P. Lovecraft?
When did Bill Russell receive the NBA most valuable player award?
Which state of Australia replaces Northern Territory?
Where is {place of death} of {Helen Keller} that is {located in the administrative territorial entity} is {Connecticut} ?
How many stars are in the same galaxy as Jupiter?
WHo was Julia Roberts mother ?
Name the institution whose alumni is Samuel Taliaferro Rayburn who asmin HQ is in Austin?
What is Ms. Pac-Man's mame rom?
who is the railway bridge for next crossing upstream of London Bridge?
n/a
which is the birth location of Harold C.Schonberg?
tell me ballet name starts with the letter t
When was Henri Cartier-Bresson married to Ratna Mohini?
Who is the {human} for {professional or sports partner} of {Scott Moir}
What university, which includes the University of Michigan College of Pharmacy, did Edward Higgins White attend?
When did Alboin die?
Is the optimum viable temperature of Escherichia coli str. K-12 substr. MG1655 equal to 37?
Was the precipitation height of the January 2016 United States winter storm equal to 40.5?
Which is the list of historical unrecognized state for Jefferson Davis as head of government?
Is the energy storage capacity of the OnePlus 3T more than 4080.0?
What is the diplomatic relation of Cambodia whose national anthem is Hatikvah?
How many dishes are traditionally associated with the {Christmas} ?
Is the pKa of Phenol less than 7.912?
Who is the person for the patron saint of Rome?
What is female about Jan Karol Chodkiewicz, which is not the same as a man?
who are the member and member of political party for Nikita_Khrushchev
When  Artemio Franchi is retired as chairperson for Union of European Football Associations?
What monumental paintings did Michel de Montaigne create?
When did Marta Suplicy become the head of government for São Paulo?
Which is the HGNC ID of INS?
When was the ancient Roman Empire in power?
what time does Martin Johnson start as a member of the England national rugby union team
Which is the regression analysis that is used by the logistic regression analysis and contains the word logistic in it's name?
Is it correct that the number of abstentions in the Paulo Afonso municipal election (2016 for Councillor) was 17,405?
What is phosphine like?
What is Q48460 of school of The Internationale ?
What position was H. H. Asquith elected to?
What is the architecture firm that is based in Saint Longinus?
Is it true that the beer color of the cream ale is less than 3.0?
Which state has the oldest Canadian diplomats?
Tell me mythical place whose name has the word youdu  in it.
what are the alcohol which start with the letter y
Which is the regulatory body of the language written by James Madison?
What is the DMOZ ID for Glasgow?
What award did 12 Angry Men get at the 7th Berlin International Film Award
When did Motoo Kimora receive the Asahi Prize?
Is the flexural strain at break of the acrylonitrile butadiene styrene equal to 4?
What is Kunstkamera's ID on kulturnoe-nasledie.ru?
Which is the record or record progression for Strait of Gibraltar?
What date did Jean le Rond D'Alembert die?
Where is {Q48460} of {capital city}  {Kingdom of Italy} ?
What is the name of a battle that has the word siege in it.
What is an art genre that contains the word ōkubi in its name.
An alumnus of the University of Toulouse, for whom is Fermet's principle named?
What is  in the Dodis ID of Cape Verde ?
What position did Gregory IX hold when he was replaced by Ottaviano di Paoli?
Which is the number of casualties for sinking of the RMS Titanic?
What is the previous membership of James Prescott Joule?
What is CricketArchive ID of Steve Waugh?
Is it true that the number of out-of-school children in Ireland is 4826.4?
In which country can you find the history of India?
Who was Abigail Adams married to, and how did it end?
Which is MacTutor ID biographies for Ronald Fisher?
Who taught the manager of Yuri Larionov?
What kind of income is generated by a floppy disk?
Who presents The Tonight Show and when does it end?
Which is the Bloomberg company ID for Koch Industries?
Does polystyrene have a hardness of 10?
What is the work of Joseph Campbell and is apart from interpreter ?
What is the maximum cruising speed of a Maersk E-class container ship?
Who gave the{portrayed by} of {fork of} of {Can't Help Falling in Love} ?
Is the rural population of the Chennai district less than 0.0?
What physical theory starts with the letter "t"?
When did Sergei Korolev receive the Medal in Commemoration of the 800th Anniversary of Moscow?
Which is the temporal range start of Cambrian?
Who built the computing platform MS-DOS?
Which award was received by Ilya Frank together with Pavel Cherenkov?
Is it true that the the dominion dale century breaks are equal to 212?
What was the finishing time for Chris Froome in his home country of Kenya?
Did the German Empire share borders with France and Austria-Hungary?
What is our diplomatic relation to the place of origin of the katana?
Which is {genetic association} of {illness} of {Adnan Khashoggi} ?
Name a website published by News Corporation that starts with letter M
What is a statement that describes an equilateral triangle?
What is the theory of relativity used for?
Which is the eBird taxon ID for bald eagle?
Which legal station has high life expectancy?
What field gun has the longest firing range?
What is unveiled by Nursultan Nazarbayev ?
Does Lionel Messi play Rugby union
When did software for developer of Julian Assange?
What type of employment does the son of Cynisca have?
What championship starts with the letter "w"?
What are Symptoms of Leukemia
What is the genetic association of obesity that is determined by TAS?
What position does Bill Russell play and who is he married to?
How many engines does the Airbus A320 have ?
When did Paul Dirac receive the Helmholtz Medal?
Is Diana Ross genre from Southern soul?
What is the satellite that orbits Earth and has "international" in it's name?
Which diagnostic test contains the word zweigläserprobe in their name
Which is Rockipedia artist ID for Andraé Crouch?
What's the mkhare for Bilbao's twinned administrative body?
What French youth football team is Zinedine Zidane part of?
Is the admission rate of McGill University 46.3%?
What is the extreme point lowest of United States Virgin Islands, that has tributary is Magdalena River?
Which is the Art UK artwork ID for Arnolfini Portrait?
What city or area in the Philippines governed by a mayor has the lowest fiscal tax revenue?
What atmospheric optical phenomenon starts with s?
What is the sovereign state of Citizenship country of Vladimir Lenin
does the wayne lapierre base salary equal to 4040999.2?
What is the { start time } for { Kaifeng } { in the territorial administrative entity } like { Henan }?
What is {trend} of {scriptwriter} by {The Europeans} ?
What is the name of the canal that runs through Munich?
What is IMIS person ID for Charles Darwin?
Who is the student of Odilon Redon?
How many excavation directors are in the Pompeii} ?
Was Beastie_Boys genre alternative hip hop and nu metal?
What is the history and location of origin of The Velvet Underground?
When did Augusto Pinochet become President of Chile?
What is Boijmans artist id for Giorgetto Giugiaro?
Which is the single entity of population for the official residence of Parthian Empire?
What record label does the rock band Korn record under?
When was the Hyogo Prefecture first known as "Western Australia"?
Which is {afflicts} {result} of {lindane} ?
What is family of Akhenaten ?
which means {Ballotpedia ID} at the{New York} ?
Does the number of subscribers of the E-Plus qual to 25500000?
Who  is sponsor of Neymar?
which sports  laegue starts with the letter s
Which is the Tennis Archives player ID for Richard Sears?
What is ISFDB publication ID for  The Jungle Book ?
How much money did Karl Adolph Gjellerup win for getting the Nobel Prize in Literature?
What is a political alignment that starts with the letter 'R'?
What is Tom Wills's AustralianFootball.com ID?
To what office did Joe Byrd succeed Wilma Mankiller?
Who influenced Roald Dahl's career?
Which is the EDb person ID for Colin Firth?
Who is named as Mirza Ghalib?
Which is the location of discovery of lanthanum?
Where is the location of death for Henry VI of England, whose partner town is Berlin?
Tell me  television station whose name has the word åland24  in it.
Tell me legal status whose name has the word status in it.
What is the female population of Lucknow?
Name a space probe launched from Cape Canaveral that contains the word "voyager" in its name
Is the decomposition point of 1,1,2,2-tetrabromoethane 474
What is in the category of Pyrros Dimas?
Tell me the ensemble that has architectural style as Islamic art of the Emirate and the Caliphate and that contains the word alhambra in it's name?
Which is the gene for the genetic association with lung cancer?
Name a measurable physical quantity that contains the word "mass" in its name
Give me the series ordinal for the Lion King with film crew member Lisa Keene.
When did John C. Fremont leave the United States Senate as a Senator?
Was Rupert Murdoch educated at London School of Economics and Worcester College?
Where in Connecticut did Addison Mort Walker die?
Is the power consumption of the Toulouse 46,600,600?
What school did Antonin Scalia attend and what was his major?
What is the reservoir with the largest watershed in the Alps?
What is National Gallery of Victoria artist ID for Gian Lorenzo Bernini?
Who is the player that was part of the player event of Juan Gris?
What is the birth place of Antonius Pius which is located in the administrative territorial entity of Lanuvium?
What is the name of the cat owned by Jacinda Ardern?
IS THE GALACTIC LONGITUDE OF THE SN 1987A EQUALS 335.64
What is pronunciation audio of Mentha language of work or name is Punjabi?
What is the birthplace of Rudolf Koegel?
Where was the Revolution of 1905, which is observed as a holiday called Russia Day?
What award did Alan Hollinghurst receive for his work in The Folding Star?
Which is the ERIH PLUS ID for Journal des sçavans?
Francesco I Sforza has how many children?
Is it true that the height of the Gravity Recovery and Climate Experiment is greater than 0.576?
Is the distance of the 1957 Pescara Grand Prix equal to 14.4?
Tell me the performing arts genre that begins with the letter v
Name a disease associated with the gene LAMC1 that contains the word "cancer" in its name
How many military ranks are for Alexander Suvorov?
Tell me the regional organization that shares borders with South Sudan and contains the word arab in it's name?
When did Joan Baez receive the Thomas Merton Award?
What city is a twin administrative to Lahore ?
What is the period of time point in time} for {DJ Jazzy Jeff & The Fresh Prince has been nominated for Soul Train Music Award for Best R&B/Soul or Rap Music Video ?
When was Ahmed III made as sultan of Ottomon Empire?
Is the installed capacity of Kraftwerk Nussdorf equal to 4.74?
tell me mountain name starts with z
What is the namesake of Maxwell relations, whose place of work is Cambridge?
What was the award received from Chris Hemsworth that declared the winner as Tom Hiddleston?
Which private Catholic school has the lowest total expenditure?
What is the highest award given in science and engineering by Padma Vibhushan?
who characters of based upon of vesele zene vindzorske ?
Which bank has the most total equity?
When did Raymond Aron start working at Collège de France?
Which multinational corporation employs Steve Bannon?
Which is the Wikimedia category for the category of films shot at the location of Kuala Lumpur?
Is Ray Charles occupation composer and arrangement?
Which US settlement has the lowest number of households?
Rama was a character of which national epic ?
Which is the {culture} of {writing system} in {Old_English} ?
Which is the OmegaWiki Defined Meaning for platinum?
What internet presence does the voice actor Jerry Seinfeld have.
Is it true that the the disease burden of AIDS equals to 91907445?
Name an English spoken radio network that starts with letter N
What is the death date of the brother of Kangxi Emporer?
MiG-21 has how many operators?
What city is named for St. Paul?
Who is the partner of Michel Foucault
Who's last meal was white wine?
Tell me relation  whose name has the word zustandszahl in it
Who is the parent of John ll Komnenos having death place at Constantinople?
Toyota is a division of another automobile marque, which one ?
Which is the NUKAT (WarsawU) authorities ID of Jerome Kern?
What is the middle name of Francis Frith that has the equivalent of Frans?
Does the Palatka have less than 2 platform tracks?
When did Saigon cease to be the capital city of French Indochina?
n/a
What are theprogramming language which start with the letter x
By whom is the designer of the Burj Khalifa  employed?
What is the first described of Twelve-tone technique whose pupil is Eduard Steuermann?
What are the accomplishments of Benjamin Thorpe's teacher?
When did hotel for location of Manhattan?
Does the USB 3.0 have 4000.0 output?
What is number of out of school children continent of dvaravati?
What is Michal Martikán's ICF canoer ID?
Tell me naval battle whose name has the word beard in it.
What was Kundun by Philip Glass nominated for?
Which is influenced by Søren Kierkegaard?
When did Raj Kapoor of the British Raj pass away?
What area does Communist Party of the Soviet Union has jurisdiction upon?
What country succeeded the Nerva-Antonine dynasty?
What was Abd al-Mu'min's estimated date of birth?
Which is the hardness for stainless steel?
Who is The Jungle Book's publisher and illustrator?
What Taiwanese election for the President and Vice President of China had the fewest ballots cast?
What award did Ian Thorpe received for swimming at the 2000 Summer Olympics – Men's 4 × 100 metre medley relay?
For what reason Gene Kelly was in nomination for Anchors Aweigh?
Can achalasia and dyspepsia be treated with sodium bicarbonate?
Is there a bibliography and case number for Planned Parenthood vs. Casey?
Who is the elder brother of William who is known politician?
At what opera did librettist Philip Glass play in?
Who is the employer of Georges Dumezil when he was a professor?
What is the version of the operating system of the video game "Myst?"
What are the coordinates for the source of the Krishna River?
Name the most soluble flammable liquid that contains chlorine.
What is Dagens Næringsliv topic ID for aviation?
What is ISFDB ID for Amazon?
What is the spectral class of Regulus?
What is the chromosome of SCT?
Where is {pronunciation audio} of {continent} {Kadamba Dynasty} ?
Is the natural abundance of the Neodymium -145 equal to 0.08293?
Who's the translator for The Communist Manifesto?
Which musician preceeds Parisian Solos?
Which has melody of Das Lied der Deutschen?
Which players join the Gao Ling?
Is sulfur dioxide harmful to humans?
Which is the mythology for the culture of Hittites?
What is Young's modulus for nylon ?
How many composers worked on Fantasia?
who is nominee of favorite player of Ray Bradbury ?
Which is the opera by the librettist of Giuseppe Giacosa that contains the word tosca in it's name?
What are the tributaries of the river which the Incheon Bridge spans?
who zenith of parent range of rockchuck peak ?
What newspaper has the largest Alexa rank?
what is the National library of israel ID of John Adams?
Can you say which area in Tenerife has the highest cosmic background radiation?
Who is the National member of Aileen Wuornos?
What's the NIOSH Pocket Guide ID number of cobalt?
Tell me the part of speech that starts with the letter v.
When did Bergen stop being controlled by a union between Sweden and Norway?
How many matches have been played by Arsène Wenger as a member of the sports team RC Strasbourg?
Which is the aspect ratio for high-definition television?
What historical Chinese state replaces Yuan dynasty?
Can you name the species of omnivore with the longest observed lifespan?
What is an anime television series that contains the word yatterman in its name?
what is the located in the administrative territorial entity for email giles has place of birth as odessa?
How many muscles work on the clavicle?
What maintenance is connected with Tochigi Prefecturual Road Route 175?
What is Russian language regulatory body.
Who replaced Macbeth, King of Scotland as the Monarch of Scotland?
Did Citizen Kane have Fortunio Bonanova and Harry Shannon in its cast?
How many judges are held in the  {Nuremberg trials} ?
Which is the ChEMBL ID for 2,4,6-trinitrotoluene?
What is the twin town of the city of birth of Edward Burnett Tylor?
What subtopic of Moscow's history contains the division called the Khoroshyovsky District?
The municipality of the Netherlands ESkisehir where has its administrative body and with the maximum employers?
What is the taxon with the minimum genome size whose instance of is taxon?
Name the architectural structure with maximum number of elevators?
Which subsidiary company of Alstom has it's head quarters in London?
Did Bill Belichick study at Wesleyan University and Phillips Academy?
Which is the mouthpiece of Pravda?
What are the  creation myth which start with the letter d
When was Martin Heidegger nominated for a Nobel Prize in Literature?
Who is the {3D film} for {takes place in fictional universe} of {Marvel Cinematic Universe}
What sport has the least amount of players according to the Armenian Soviet Encyclopedia?
Is fascism opposite of anti-fascism?
Who is the pupil of the tutor Miguel Ángel Estrella?
Which international organizations headquarters are located in Strasbourg?
What chemical compound is considered a Class IB flammable liquid and has a maximum peak exposure limit?
Are the aftershocks of the 1997 Cap-Rouge earthquake equal to 17?
Moon Jae-in is the leader of what country?
Who gave the{founder} of {owner} of {Bigbig Studios} ?
Which is the institute of the Russian Academy of Sciences that has Russian as a regulatory language?
When did Ernst Mach get nominated for an Nobel Prize in Physics?
Publius Aelius Hadrianus Afer is the son of which characters in Memoirs of Hadrian?
IS THE RURAL POULATION OF SERCHHIP DISTRICT EQUALS 39501.6
Where is the mouth of the Rhone river?
If I am looking for people associated with the voivodeship of Lusaka, is it correct to write Category:People from Lusaka Province?
Tell me inner plant whose name has the word venus in it.
What is series ordinal of Mars that is inner planet ?
On which UGSG-ANSS page does the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake appear?
Is the Euler characteristic of the real projective plane equals 1?
Is the maximum size or capacity of the exFAT equal to 64?
Which body regulates the Dutch language?
Is the luminous intensity of the Umhlanga Rocks Lighthouse more than 480000.0?
Which is the maximum age for compulsory education of Haiti?
The Graphics Interchange Format has which Uniform Type Identifier?
When did Perpignan start as twinned administrative body as Tyre?
Name an economic union that has strong ties with Switzerland that contains the word "E " in its name
What is award received  from Wong Kar - wai that is  working is  Wild Being Days ?
Which is the official language of the jurisdiction of the International Covenant of Economic, Social and Cultural Rights?
Who is the daughter of the Unfinished Symphony's film director?
Who is the titleholder of the honor of Evangelina Vigil-Piñón?
Where was the accident located of Hugo Münsterberg ?
Tell me a treatment used for the medical condition of lidocaine?
When did August Wilson get nominated for the Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Play?
Is the water as percent of area in Israel equal to 2.1?
Emmanuelle Alt is the editor for Vogue in which country?
Is Thom Enriquez part of the film crew for Beauty and the Beast?
Are the eligible voters of the Catalan regional election 2015 in Gisclareny equal to 26?
What country for Pius IX has the birth place of Senigallia?
tell me the port city with the highest point that starts with lettter "b" in Tibidabo.
Which dwarf planet follows (134339) 5628 T-3 and which that starts with the letter p
Which is teh cine.gr film ID for American Graffiti?
Is it true that floors above ground of Ahlden House equals to 1.6?
Which is the eurobasket.com ID of Stephen Curry?
which state of india starts with letter u
Who is the patron saint of Paris?
What is the name of the mascot bulldog of Georgetown University ?
Which means {ISFDB author ID} for {Patricia Cornwell} ?
the
Who gave  the {version number} of {edition} of {The Elements of Style} ?
the {statement is subject of} for {Minnesota} has {shares border with} as {North Dakota} ?
Who is the office holder for the public office of Salman of Saudi Arabia?
Is it true that the galactic latitude of SN 1987A is greater than -38.28?
What what is ice giant parent astronomical body Sun which that starts with letters u
Which is the Biographical Dictionary of Italian People Identifier of Cardinal Mazarin?
Who is the disciple of Louise Elisabeth Vigee Le Brun that has a major work called the Portrait of a Negress?
On which year Felix Adler became an employee of Columbia University?
Which is the INSEE municipality code for Cayenne?
Which is the historical aspect of the facet of Hungary?
What are the aircraft model which start with the letter t
What is number out of school children  stockholders of The Birth of Venus ?
What book of the Bible is written in Hebrew?
What religion is Anton LaVey?
What award did Linus Pauling receive?
What is that has of
what is the replaced by  Kevin Rudd has position held as Prime Minister of Australia ?
Which is the History of Modern Biomedicine ID of smoking?
What year did Charles IV divorce Elizabeth of Pomerania?
What zip code was Israel Kamakawiwoʻole's birth place?
Who are the cast members of Days of our Lives and when did it end?
What {type of taxon} is {higher taxon} of {Arthropoda} ?
what are the metabolite starts with v
What is autores.uy ID of José Gervasio Artigas?
Which stadium is the home venue of F.C. Porto ?
What is the academic discipline created by the founder of Junta de la Victoria?
who  is makes use  of sports Martin Lang
Which is Mohs' hardness of pyrite?
Are Jacob and Leon given names of Jack Ruby?
Does the kayak have a maximum capacity of 3?
What are the railway tunnel which start with the letter T
What is the fidelity claimed by Armee de Vinchy?
When was Venus Williams nominated for the Best Female Tennis Player ESPY Award?
What are the side effects of the drug used for treatment for cocaine overdose?
Is the electric dipole moment of formic acid equal to 1.692?
In what year did Maria Klawe cease being a chairperson for the Association for Computing Machinery?
What is the speed limit in the Netherlands?
Is 240.0 the operating boiler pressure of the Norfolk and Western Railway 611?
What is the currency used in the Soviet Union?
Is the radial velocity of Messier 28 equal to 12.64?
Who gave the{themed after} of {music genre} of {Tapestry} ?
Tell me the sister city of the death place of Adolph Sulyomi-Schulmann
Which is {owned} and {founded by} {American_Broadcasting_Company} ?
Does iron treat iron deficiency and hypochromic anemia?
What is named for Mira variable in Omicron Ceti III satellite?
When was Robert A. Millikan nominated for the Nobel Prize in Physics?
What is the secret police of Lavrentiy Beria's military branch?
Is it true that the number of houses of Patsch railway station is greater than 0?
Was The_Terminator cast member Michael Biehn and Brian Thompson?
What is National Gallery of Art artist ID for William Henry Fox Talbot ?
Which nomination did Shelley Winters receive for her work in "A place in the Sun"?
When did Anna Akhmatova marry Nikolay Gumilev?
What airplane has the maximum wingspan?
What is { participant of } the { award received } of { Larisa Latynina } is { Olympic gold medal }?
Which is the FilmTv.it TV series ID of Grey's Anatomy?
What is the South African municipality code for the Nelson Mandela Bay Metropolitan Municipality?
What are the diplomatic rank which start with the letter permanent
What is the name of Napoleon horse?
Tell me game whose name has the word zauberturm in it
Which is the chief executive of builder of Jazz?
How many common categories are there in the {artichoke} ?
The business company Comcast follows whom?
Who is born at Sofonisba Anguissola whose borders are Getafe?
which unit of time with the highest wikidata time precision whose measured physical quantity is time?
Which member has the occupation of a coroner?
Czechoslovakia has diplomatic relations with what sovereign state?
WHich is represented by Kevin Hart ?
What is Six Degrees of francis Bacon ID for Oliver Cromwell
What is a chemical compound encoded by CGU with the word "arginine" in its name?
Which fungicide has the highest electric dipole moment??
On what date did Hikaru Utada marry Kazuaki Kiriya?
Was Charles Barkley a member of the Los Angeles Clippers and Auburn Tigers men's basketball sports team?
What are the hydroxide salts which start with the letter hydroxide
World Heritage of Yosemite National Park is?
how much full time works does elements have?
which isotope of Platinum has the lowest binding energy
Who is L'eroe cinese married to?
Which {history of topic} and the {category of associated people} is {Ottoman_Empire} ?
What is the Common Creator page of Augustus Saint-Gaudens?
Which is the g-factor for neutron?
Which party member was a suspect in the German presidential election of 2009?
WHICH IS ARRODISSEMENTS OF COUNTRY SEAT FOE YAREN DISTRICT
What are the historical profession which start with the letter z
When did Derek Jacobi begin working at Royal Shakespeare Company?
Give me words that contain the word warhead in their name
What archaeological site starts with the letter "w"?
What is a main topic of history concerning Georgia being bordered by Alabama.
When did Irkutsk cease to become part of the Tobolsk Province?
What number of century breaks does human  have?
When did the Iron Age start?
What is the political alignment of Asahi Shimbun ?
When did Tennessee become part of the Confederate States of America?
Name the quantum particle with the least amount of magnetic moment that is part of the isotope of neutronium?
Is it true that the fee of Institut Teknologi Bandung is greater than 1800000?
Tell me the sexual orientation of Rocco Siffredi.
What were the immediate effects ot the Battle of Fort Sumter?
Are the total financial liabilities of the Municipality of Dasol greater than $70,749,988.504?
What was the last date for when Georges Bizet was buried in Montmartre Cemetery?
What is the featured work of Sonic the Hedgehog that has the voice of actor Dennis Haysbert?
How many people held the position of Roman emperor before Caligula?
Who is the designer of Phahonyothin Road?
Who is George H. W. Bush's granddaughter?
How many points of Tom Finney Team?
who is chancellor for aspect history of Delaware?
Who is the {tennis event} for {victory} of {Rod Laver}
At what point did Andrew Johnson end his career as a United States senator?
Was Catherine of Aragon's given name Katherine and Catalina ?
What is the location of work for Anais Nin, that's municipalities are the 7th Arrondissement in Paris?
At which field of study is Jacques Halbronn a supervisor?
Which is the colonial empire that has as basic form of government the constitutional monarchy and that contains the word british in it's name?
who is nominated for Natalie Wood that has work of Splendor in the Grass ?
WHAT IS THE ULTIMATE CAUSE OF NOODLE
When did Edward Brooke finish his position as Massachusetts' Attorney General?
Is it true that the number of abstentions of Japeri municipal election, 2016 for Councillor is greater than 16410?
What are the band concept which start with the letter Z
When did Amy Adams receive an award at the Independent Spirit Awards?
Name the rural district of Germany that shares its border with Munich.
Where in Essex can we find Sarah Miles' birthplace?
Which is the COAM architect ID of Álvaro Siza Vieira?
When did the United States presidential inauguration for Donald Trump take place?
Is the topographic isolation of the Hohberghorn greater than 0.32?
What deity is depicted in the Sermon on the Mount
Which {county seat}  {is in the Indian reserve of} of {A Capela} ?
How do you call someone who is practicing veganism ?
What is the protein, found in its related taxon, in Homo sapiens?
What is Babirusa's taxon parent's taxonomic rank in the tribe?
Did Steve Martin received the award of the 60th Primetime Emmy Award and the Writer's Guild of America?
Hurling is practiced by which occupation?
When was "A Chorus Line" nominated for Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Music?
CAN YOU DESCRIBE THE WORK OF DEPICTION OF DAVID SLAYING GOLIATH?
What musician preceeds  'We're from America'?
who is the fictional clone of a sidekick of superman ?
Who is Anna Jagiellon married to and why did she get divorced?
who religious text for published in of book of mormon?
Name a big city that contains the word "łódź " in its name
When did Queen get inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame?
tell  me agglutinative language that Ethnologue language status 3 Wider Communication name has  the word esperantoin in it
What is Claudio Abbado's Openpolis ID?
Are the orbits completed of the STS-124 equal to 217?
What type of fuel does Blue Origin make?
What method was used to determine Siena's demographic balance?
What statement is Uzbekistan is a subject of in diplomatic Pakistan-Uzbekistan relations?
Who encoded that physically interacts with L-Phenylalanine?
He was 88 and had reigned for 41 years. Tāufaʻāhau Tupou IV was buried on 19 September 2006 at Malaʻe Kula (the Royal cemetery) in the Tongan capital, Nukuʻalofa.
Which is Chess.com player ID for Judit Polgár?
Which is the city and state for the twinned administrative body of Auckland?
Gertrude Stein is the librettist of which opera?
What is the public office with the lowest base salary whose country is Republic of New Granada?
What is the place where they filmed featured in work of Chewbacca ?
When did Eric Gairy's position as Prime Minister of Grenada end?
What is the actual play time of an American football game?
Is the number of constituencies of the municipal chamber of Contagem more than 0?
When did Jack Barry take over as the Head Coach of the Boston Red Sox?
What is minimum frequency of audible sound of testosterone?
Is the hydraulic head of the Tyin Hydroelectric Power Station greater than 1248.0?
When did Terry Eagleton begin working at the University of Manchester?
When did noble title of Guy of Lusignan and follows?
Which medal did Dara Torres receive for swimming in the Women's 50 metre freestyle during the 2008 Summer Olympics?
What is DFB datacenter player ID for Birgit Prinz
When did William III end his time working in The Hague?
What is KulturNav-id of Ilya Repin ?
Which is the JSTOR topic ID of the male reproductive system?
Were Vauxhall and Chevrolet Sales India Private subsidiaries of General Motors?
Ted Stevens was in what branch of the military until when?
Is the compressive modulus of elasticity for brass equal to 50?
Does the Unforgivable Curse cause immediate death
What did executive director Suzanne Greco create?
Is the conversion to the standard unit of the minute less than 0.00055555552?
When did Lofti Aliasker Zaadeh receive the "Benjamin Franklin Medal" as a reward?
How many people live in Pennsylvania?
When did Yevhen Tomin stop being Governor for Poltava Oblast?
Which is the Kontinental Hockey League player ID of Dominik Hašek?
Which countries were located within the Soviet Union prior to its dissolution?
Who was the head of the government of Tamil Nadu before O. Panneerselvam?
Does the elongation at break of the Grivory GM-4H equal to 5?
What is a name of a dog that begins with the letter w.
Has Sean Penn ever spoken, written or signed in the German language?
Is the isospin quantum number of the B meson greater than 0.4?
Who was in charge before Josef Kramer?
What is the constituent state with the highest individual tax rate whose located in time zone is Atlantic Time Zone?
n/a
when did Birgit Nilsson received the award of Leonie Sonning Music Prize?
Is the temperature of the Yunogo Onsen equal to 40?
Which is the Chinese Library Classification of sport?
For what movie was Jerry Goldsmith nominated for the Academy Award for Best Original Score?
Which is the National Bridge Inventory Number of the George Washington Bridge?
Which is influenced by Friedrich Wilhelm Joseph Schelling?
Is John Dickson Carr's first name the same as the name Joao?
Are Sean Astin and Mackenzie Astin children of  Patty Duke?
what is the start time for Aung San Suu Kyi has member of Club of Madrid ?
WHICH IS THE INDUSTRY THAT STARTS WITH U
That time zone is Poitiers located in for daylight savings time?
What is the company owned by Bill Gates?
Who had the most votes on the Amendment to the Constitution of Ireland?
Which industry produces butter?
Which is the Grace's Guide ID for George Pullman?
At {RWTH Aachen University} what is {eponym} of {wiens displacement law}?
How many conflicts has Christopher Lee been involved in?
What are the topics,  in chronological order, of Irina Rossius?
What is the unit symbol for a minute?
Which is the SOC Code 2010 for mathematician?
What award did Padmini Kolhapure, whose top dog is Lakshmi, win?
What is number of out of school children  is the antonym  of developed country ?
What is the Enciclopeida Italiana ID for Heraclitus?
What caused the October Revolution?
When did Cesar Chavez receive the California Hall of Fame award?
Die Zeit is described by what source?
Since when Ghent is considered as twinned administrative body of Brașov?
Who was the main actress in Guiding Light?
What is Mentha's VASCAN ID?
Which municipality of Norway shares its border with Oslo?
Who is the publisher of  scientific journal Society of Jesus?
Is the semi-major axis of the 3022 Dobermann  less than 2.31710616?
Is the IDLH of bromotrifluoromethane equal to 292320?
What are the city-state which start with the letter v
What parliamentary group had Michael Collins as Deputy to the Dáil ?
Who reprinted the Death of a Salesman book?
Which is the SpeedSkatingStats speed skater ID for Johann Olav Koss?
Who is the lyricist of the EMI label produced song 'Imagine'?
Tell me mountain whose name has the word zumsteinspitze  in it.
Which ortholog gene is associated with INS?
How many reactors are there for the {Charles University in Prague} ?
Which is the disease the caused the death of Lou Gehrig?
Which is the municipality of the Netherlands that shares border with Rotterdam?
What is the archive with the  most data size whose owned by is  Wikimedia Foundation, Inc.?
what is in the next higher rank of consul ?
Who designed Structured Query Language?
Does the cost of the Monmouth County Gaol equal 5000?
What is the mascot of Georgia institute of Technology?
What is treated by isoflurane?
"What is {murder method} of {Fernandel}, which has {signs} is {wheeze} ?"
Who was the spouse of Liam Neeson and what caused the end of the marriage?
What is spin-off of Cheers ?
Which Suezmax has the highest net tonnage?
Which taxon has the highest observed lifespan?
What method was used to determine the genetic association of GFRA3 and smallpox?
Name the videogame studio that developped Pong
When did Andy Murray receive the award as BBC Sports Personality of the Year?
What Piano Sonata No. 8 music is associated with the iron overload disorder?
How many official religions are with {Goguryeo} ?
What is the religious affiliation of the victim of the Battle of Stalingrad?
what are the media franchise starts with t
What action did shareholders in Malibu take?
What is the launch contractor for Arianespace?
What is the part of the constellation is the child's body in HD 4208?
Which human has the highest EGF rating?
when was the population of Syracuse published in Istat?
What did Jim Kublin participate as in the event?
What is the 24 Hours of Le Mans entry with the most laps completed whose sponsor is Bentley ?
List the codes for DRD2
Where is the copy of the book, Philosophiae Naturalis Principia Mathematica written by Isaac Newton?
Who is the person of the native language of Yiddish?
What is the Global Poker Index ID of Phil Hellmuth?
When did Bradley Cooper receive the Indiana Film Journalists Association Award for Best Actor?
How many are interested in Daniel Dennett?
What is the aspect of the president in History of Tonga?
What is the new Zealand biography of Bob Fitzsimmons?
Who are the spouses of the characters from Batman: Haunted Knight?
Who is the employer of Giosuè Carducci?
What role Edward Burnett Tylor played to contribute to publish Dictionary of National Biography?
Does the santa monica electorate equal 7227
When did Carlos Menem marry Zulema Yoma?
What lake on the Baja California Peninsula has the Tenmile Creek tributary?
When did Białystok and Eindhoven become twinned administrative bodies?
Who is the{academic institution} for {subsidiary} of {Clemson University}
Name a mathematical function whose notation is made with a radical sign and that contains the word "root" in its name
What is the Box Office Mojo film ID od Fight Club?
who Q48460 of language official of kingdom of sicily ?
Where is the death location of Paul Castellano whose death location is also adjacent to Queens
Is it true that the total imports of the Northern England equals to 72300000000?
What is the county seat of the death location of Sylvia Plath?
Which minor plane that starts with '9
Which city in Belgium shares a border with Bruges?
Tell me the law of thermodynamics which contains the word law in it's name!
What is Electronic Gaming Monthly's review score?
Which is the zbMATH work ID for Gérard Debreu?
Is Mark Zuckerberg real name, Mark?
Tell me the legislative bodies are there for France?
How many settlements are in Tilburg?
What is the quasar with the highest redshift whose discoverer or inventor is William Herschel?
What is the head quarters of Interpol whose forefather is Saint-Rambert-I'lle-Barbe?
When was John A. MacDonald replaced as a member of the House of Commons?
How did Pete Maravich die, and what was the team and speciality that he played?
Zimbabwe has what UK Parliament thesaurus identification?
What prize was awarded in the work of the Simpson family?
Did J.K. Simmons graduate from the College of Clinical and Translational Science at Ohio State University?
What was the last year that FC Bayern Munich used the Olympic Stadium of Munich as its home venue?
Is the box office of  Snow White and The Seven Dwarfs less than 5040000.0?
Which is the antihydrogen isotope of proton ?
Tell me Wikimedia list article whose name has the word nuts in it.
In what partner town of Santo Domingo was Francis Bedford born?
Is it true that the career plus-minus rating of Ted Drury is less than -52.8?
Which is the Line Music artist ID for David Guetta?
Is it true that the number of arrests of the Crown Heights riot equals to 129?
Who is the inventor of plutonium, that lived in US?
Is the Vicat softening point of poly(methl methacrylate) less than 92.8?
Who is Elizabeth II's proxy in Canada?
Who is a member of The Cure?
Which is the exhibition history of Le Déjeuner sur l'herbe?
Which is the Southampton shipwrecking start point containing the word rms ?
What was the position held by Mahmud of Ghazn after replacing
Mohammad Ghaznavi} ?
Is it true that the foreign direct investment net inflow of Belarus equals to 11668960000?
Which is the permanent residency for Andy Lau?
What was the position Edward the Confessor held when he replaced Harthacanute?
What is Czech Registration ID for Prague ?
What label released the album Melting the Crown?
what is an algorithm that contains the word system in their name
What sound does a pig make in the French language?
What is the largest team size at the Iditarod Trail Sled Dog Race?
Which countries are located in the Himalayas?
Which award did Simon Schama receive for Citizens: A Chronicle of the French Revolution?
When was Enoch Powell elected and what position did they hold?
When did James Stewart and Gloria Hatrick McLean end their marriage?
What is the number of plays of Euroleague Basketball?
Does the topographic prominence of the Dunantspitze equal 15?
Is the beer bitterness of the India Pale Ale equal to 50?
What is nominal GDP of Uruguay ?
What year did Ruth Benedict receive her PhD?
Is the ward of Thường Tín located next to a body of water?
How do we observe the physical quantity of the picometre?
Which is the Australian Dictionary of Biography ID for Henry George?
What are the poem which start with the letter t
What is the natural abundance of helium-3?
what is the subject of the history of Asia, that has time zone is Magadan
What is Urho Kekkonen's Finnish Ministers database ID?
Is 1158 the speed of sound of the propane?
How much did Tim Cahill score when playing for which team?
Who is the  {human} for {creator} of {Star Trek}
What flux did the Coma Cluster produce?
What is the { start time } for { Taranto } as { Brest } has { twined the administrative body }?
What is YouTube Gaming's game id for Portal?
Name a doll created by Mattel that contains the word "ken " in its name
What nation is Mohamed Boudiaf diplomatically related to?
When did Robert Ballard end his service in the United States Army?
Did Bangalore administrate over San Francisco and Kharkiv?
When did Ticket to Ride win a Meeples' Choice Award?
Which medical test starts with the letter t?
Which is the GCD series ID of Superman?
Who gave the {interaction} of {antiparticle of} of {strange quark} ?
Where in Austria is the University of Vienna headquarters located?
What was the cause of Mahatma Gandhi's actions?
How many heritage designations are there for the Sydney Opera House?
Is the stellar rotational velocity of the Mu2 Octantis equal to 1.45?
IS STEPHEN FRY NOMINATED FOR KENTUCKY COLONEL AND DRAMA DESK WARD FOR OUTSTANDING FEATURED ACTOR ON A PLAY
which is sister birth city of Ludmilla Siim ?
what is geological epoch starts with w
Who had influenced France Prešeren, who worked as a translator?
Which is the BiblioNet author ID for March Chagall?
"What has the Symptom of Polymerization, and the Antonym of Oligomer?"
Who is {prizewinner} of {nomination received} of {Adrien Brody} ?
Name a country who is diplomatic towards the Russian Empire.
What regulates (molecular biology) for fertilization?
Who was the stepparent of Napolean.
What is the name of cyclone with the small substained winds?
When did Nadia Boulanger start working at Fontainebleau Schools?
What were the battles undertook by Joan of Arc
When the death of the Marat has been confirmed as murder?
Which smallest planet has the lowest longitude of ascending noed i the scattered disc?
Does the isotope of hydrogen decay into tritium
What are the SI base unit which start with the letter second
How many anthems are for Bulgaria?
was warren buffett's family name buffett?
When did Konstantin Chernenko receive his Hammer and Sickle gold medal?
When did Johannes Brahms win the Bavarian Maximilian Order for Science and Art Award?
When was International Organization for Standardization the developer for COBOL?
When did Pamplona become the capital of Navarre?
Tell me form factor whose name has the word ultrabook in it.
What comes after sodium on the periodic table
What is the European Union's legislative body and its highest judicial authority?
How many exhibition histories are for the L'Origine du monde} ?
WHICH  IS THE CLASS II COMBUSTIBLE LIQUID WITH THE MAXIMUM DYNAMIC VISCOSITY
WHO IS THE CHILDREN THAT SCOTT WADE TEAMS PLAYED FOR?
Which watercraft has the highest gross tonnage?
What is the College Football Data Warehouse ID for Knute Rockne?
Is the median income of Slovenia equal to 25085?
WHICH IS THE STATISTICAL INFERENCE STARTS WITH B
Is the sublimation temperature of carbon dioxide equal to -109?
IS JAMES DEEN OCCUPATION PORNOGRAPHIC ACTOR AND BLOGGER
What is the watershed area of the White Nile?
What is the name of the deathplace of Tullio Levi-Civita that also borders Pomezia?
Which party is headed by Anabella Azin?
Which is Prosopographia Attica for Epicurus?
Which {time} of {lives in} {Ludwig Erhard} ?
Which is the {original combination} and the {parent taxon} of {Leopard} ?
When did Florence cease being a March of Tuscany?
The {Russiancinema.ru film ID} of {Solaris} is?
What is the Art Institute of Chicago's artwork ID for "A Sunday Afternoon on the Island of La Grande Jatte?"
How many colors of tennis ball are there?
How many composers worked on Fantasia?
Is is true that Calvin Harris used to play the synthesizer?
What is type of death for pupils of Alfred Tarski ?
Did Giuseppe Motta Medal receive an award for Cloud computing?
Ambrose holds what idea about their position as the ultimate importance?
Who is the original air channel of series part of Werewolves of Highland?
What was the immediate cause of World War I?
Who is the doctor of B. F. Skinner ?
What is the property and subsidiary of Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer?
Does the age of candidacy of the 2018 Hungarian parliamentary election equal 21.6?
What is the birth date of writer Principia Mathematica?
Tell me economic activity whose name has the word vehices in it name
What is decreased expression in bipolar disorder ?
Which means{Benezit ID} for {Ambrogio Lorenzetti} ?
does UTC timezone offset of the Vladivostok time equal to 10?
Who replaced Napoleon III as president of the French Republic?
is the number of house holds of Bhumanahalli equal to 0?
Which is {diplomatic relation} of {location of discovered object} of {krypton} ?
What are the paintings that represent the Tower of Babel?
Which is the memory capacity of a floppy disk?
What is contributor(s) to the creative work of Donald Duck that is object has role is character animator ?
What are the children of Euphorion of Eleusis famous for?
Name a state function measured by a thermometer that contains the word "temperature" in its name
Which animal species can hear the lowest frequencies?
What drug caused the death of Calvin Coolidge?
What is Eugene lonesco of country due to place of death of France?
Who is the exemplar of the Second Epistle to the Corinthians?
Is the number of clubs in the South African rugby union greater than 1220.8?
Dante Alighieri is the writer of what article??
If Jóhan is the first name equivalent of Jack Blackman; what is the last name equivalent?
What is the population of Cagayan de Oro with the determination method census?
Where is the most southern point of the continent in which lays Lake Vostok?
For what was Juliette Lewis in nomination at the 64th Academy Awards?
What was the college attended by Alexander Dubcek, which precedes the Academy of Social Sciences of the Central Committee of CPSU?
Where is the jurisdiction of Communist party of Soviet Union?
Which is the electoral district of Szeged?
Who are Bette Midler's child and spouse?
What is the family relationship of Eva Braun with Edmund Hitler?
In what position did Jean-Antoine-Nicolas de Caritat de Condorcet replace Jean-Paul Grandjean de Fouchy?
Is the total revenue of the Indian Space Research Organisation equal 205.264?
Which is the GARD rare disease ID for colorectal cancer?
Tell me colossal statue whose name has the word statue in it
Is the temperature of the Mediterranean Sea equal to 22.1?
Tell me phase whose name has the word hydrogen in it.
Who gave the{trend} of {sculptor} of {No. F} ?
For what was Melvyn Douglas nominated for the 36th Academy Awards?
what are the biological process which starts with the letter v
Was Tina Turner originally from Switzerland?
Which is the absolute magnitude for Triton?
What government is headed by the partner town of Netanya?
What is Arthur Phillip's sign language alphabet?
Who is Frida Kahlo's sibling?
Who is the mother of Harold Godwinson and the child of the Gunhild of Wessex?
Name the award shared by Christopher A. Pissarides along with Dale T. Mortensen.
Who has influence of language of mod_perl?
What is FIS alpine skier ID for Hermann Maier ?
In what Free imperial city did twinned administrative body of Auckland from?
who is the partner of Pablo Picasso?
What awards has Aruna Irani received?
How many attributes does Zeus have?
What is the country of origin of Claudio Pressich?
What is Mike Myer's Producer's film?
Were Italy and Britain signatories to the Treaty of Versailles?
Who are designated as terrorist by the Arab League?
What is painting of Astronomical Observations: Jupiter?
Which  is military branch of engineering?
Does the oxidation state of nitrogen equal 4.0
WHICH IS THE IAFD FEMALE PERFORMER ID FOR PARIS HILTON
At what time has Maurice Chevalier received the Disney Legends award ?
Who was Maurice Merleau-Ponty  studying under, that was born at Bar-le-Duc?
Who studied the musical score Mozart's Requiem?
Which is the Footoféminin.fr player ID of Hope Solo?
Which is the Atomic Heritage Foundation ID for Richard Feynman?
"Which is {used language} of {Miguel Ángel Asturias Rosales}, that has {typology} is {subject–verb–object} ?"
What is the original language of work for Sinhala?
Name the quantum particle that has the most electric charge and has boson parts?
How does neutrino interact?
What are the names of the twin cities of Corinth adjacent to Salvitelle?
What is the Merkelstiftung ID of Albrecht Düre
What was the cauae of death of Alfred Jarry, which had pott diaease as an effect?
Which is the fictional lion in the characters of The Lion King?
What are the type of quantum particle which start with the letter o
What can be the language regulator body of Latin for language regulator
When did Miguel Indurain leave Movistar?
TELL ME THE SIGNS OF LYME DISEASE TREATMENT?
What does Pedigree Petfoods Make?
Is the January 2016 United States winter storm precipitation height equal to 42?
What's the place where James I of Scotland is detained?
Name the fastest transportation in Japan with less patronage?
Are the employees of ORCO equal to 2.4?
What is stated on the Berlin Wall?
Tell me first principle  whose name has the word structure  in it.
German Democratic Republic claimed the territory of which sovereign state?
What countries celebrate Christmas as a public holiday?
Which is the cytogenetic location for AVP?
What type of music genre is hard rock
Who is the  {street} for {named after} of {Niels Bohr}
Tell me the Wikimedia category for employees of Arizona State University.
What is the compArt ID of the Victoria and Albert Museum?
Which is the {city} of {Jared Leto} which has a {twin city} called {Bordeaux}?
Who is the developer of the turbine NSU Spider?
When did Mecca start being located in the administrative territorial entity of the Mamluk Sultanate?
What is the smallest mountain in Europe?
"What is {geography of Melbourne}  of {geography of topic}, that has {Cate Blanchett} is {location born} ?"
When did Adrian Piper receive the Women's Caucus for Art Lifetime Achievement Award?
When was Aretha Franklin nominated for an American Music Award?
Which 2018 FIFA World Cup team played the most matches?
What was the name of the spacecraft made for crew members of Alan Shepard?
What are the coordinates of Douro's river mouth?
"Which is {said to be different from} of {cloud}, whose {language of URL} is {creole language} ?"
When did British Airway stop operating the Concorde 204?
Was Susan Sarandon's partner Tim Robbins?
What fan convention starts with the letter "v"?
How many executives held by the capital state {Romania} ?
Name the divide and conquer algorithm discovered by Tony Hoare that contains the word "quicksort" in its name
What is outcome of fertilizer for crane ?
For which sports team did Stanley Matthews play and in how many matches did he compete?
What is the highest level of judicial authority in the institution of the European Union?
Which the Showrunner of the series of protest?
What is the University board for the subsidary of the Georgia Institute of Technology.
Where did the author of A Dance to the Music of Time die?
What is the 50 Cent filmography filmography?
Which is FamilySearch person ID for Stephen Paddock?
Is the short-term exposure limit of benzene equal to 4?
Name the Core 2 Duo CPU with the fastest FSB speed ?
Which airline alliance does KLM belong to?
Which Russian arena has the highest capacity?
"Which is {candidate} of {Battle of Oudenarde}, that has {diplomatic relation} is {Japan} ?"
What did Logo develop which resided in the U.S.A?
Who is Ralph Vaughan Williams's pupil?
Name a salad invented in Tijuana that contains the word "caesar " in its name
What is Zac Efron's timezone?
How many networks air All My Children?
who child  of has brother of Arthur Baldwin, 3rd earl baldwin of bewdley ?
Who is the plaintiff for the Federal Communications Commission?
Which is the inhibitor of tannic acid?
What is the olympic record for sprinting?
tell me about the position that martin McGuinness elected in?
What is the { end time } for { Holy Roman Emperor Frederick II } as { Isabella II of Jerusalem }?
What is the international parliament led by the President of the United Nations General Assembly that contains the word "assembly" in its name ?
Who is the film director of The Powerpuff Girls whose forename is Gennadi ?
Name the medicine field related to pregnancy that starts with letter W
What is in the category described by source of Mardonius ?
what is in the ammunition of rocket engine?
What are the maritime identification digits for the county of George Town?
Which is the duration of Jurassic Park?
Which suicide attack instigated the War on Terror?
What are the gene that encode Insulin, isoform CRA_a and which that starts with the letter i
What is the FA Cup Final with the highest attendance for football sports?
Which is the place of burial for Katowice?
We were informed by Ben Okri that his hometown is in the Hercules Building that is right?
What what is archaeological site World Heritage criteria(iii)}  and also which starts with letter t
Which is the city designated by government ordinance which starts with ō?
What is an active member of Salvador Dali?
Who died in of authors of Oedipus Rex ?
Does the urban population of the Lahual and Spiti district equal 0?
When did Steve Bannon complete his studies at Virginia Tech?
What star of the film "Manhattan" got their education at the University of Chicago?
What is the region of Perth has wards such as the Shire of Cunderin?
How many people have been inspired by The Lion King?
Is Conor McGregor's given name Anthony?
Who is Sebastian Pinera's nominee?
Which is the symbol of the physical form of British thermal unit?
What is the type of film of the extended from of Extended Common Object File Format ?
Give me the name of  award received of Lin-Manuel Miranda that is winner is Alex Lacamoire?
What is the vaccine used to prevent Hepatitis A?
which has has the highest sublimation temperature?
Is it true that the energy storage capacity of Nokia X is less than 1800?
What is NSZL ID for Arthur Koestler?
Is the moisture absorption of the polycarbonate equal to 0.1?
Was X-Men among the notable works of Ian McKellen?
Which award did Roland Matthes receive when he competed in the Men's 200 metre backstroke at the 1968 Summer Olympics?
Which is the one responsible commander for John Ledyard's headed branch
Does the Safar time index equal to 2?
Name the grinder model with the highest sound power level ?
When did Rem Koolhaas receive the Pritzker Architecture Prize?
When were Nelly Sachs books burned by the Nazi's?
Where is administrative territorial entity located  for Robert Burns has place of birth as Alloway?
What is Soviet Union's office held by head of state and its office held by head of government?
n/a
How many points/goals/sets scored by Homare Sawa of the Washington Freedom team?
What is the PhD advisor of Roger Cotes best known for?
When did Chris Hadfield win the doctor honoris causa?
Name the taxon with the longest subclass of HIV?
Who was the actress that was mentioned in Red Skull?
What is the ice giant with the lowest flattening whose described by source is Otto's encyclopedia?
Who is the screenwriter of Mr. Bean?
What luxury yacht has the lowest beam?
Name the programming language used to describe the dialect of Fortran.
What is the  Commonwealth realm  of Australian history for the history of topic
What is the political party of Albert Camus?
What is Dictionary of Welsh Biography ID for William Jones ?
What is the history of animation and what product or material is produced by this animation?
When did Tycho Brahe start working in Uraniborg?
What is the hub and who is the owner of Shandong Airlines?
How many people represented the {Sol LeWitt} ?
What is the occupation of Uesugi Kenshin, whose competitor is Shibata Katsuie?
What year did astronaut Scott Carpenter die?
What is NILF author id for  Hector Berlioz ?
tell me sovereign state which name has the word yugoslavia in it
What is the fiscal and tax revenue of Taguig?
Is it true that the draft of Storebro SB90E equals to 0.7?
When did Guglielmo Marconi and his wife get married?
Which is the construction material of the plays of John Paul Jones?
Is the combustion enthalpy of adipic acid greater than -2240.0?
Name a sidekick of Batman
What was the sovereign state for the diplomatic relations of the German Democratic Republic?
What is the game mode and method for playing Pac-Man?
Who is responsible for the Russian economy?
What is the first name of William Wilkerson, that is the same as Will?
What is the proximate result of using pickling?
Which is the Ciné-Ressources person ID of Charles Laughton?
When did educated at of C. Vann Woodward and academic major?
Which bridge was Zaha Hadid an architect for?
What is Fidel Castro's communist party for the member of the political party.
What position did Arianna Huffington hold when she was employed by The Detroit Project?
Is the number of parts of the Christmas song Chestnuts Roasting on an Open Fire 1?
Is it true that the density of water equals to 1.18284?
When did Nikephoros II Phokas end his time as Byzantine emperoror?
Is John Cena place of birth West Newbury?
How many people are nominated for the {Jacqueline Wilson} ?
"Which is {birth location} of {Anne Perry}, which has {office of head of government} is {Mayor of London} ?"
Is the standard molar entropy of silver equal to 34.08?
Which lake water body has the longest vertical depth?
Who is the {human} for {mother} of {Francisco Franco}
Which commune of France is a twinned administrative body of Cardiff?
What employment is portrayed by Alonso Quijano?
Who is the actress of "Once Upon a Time in the West"?
When did position held of Charles Stewart Parnell and elected in?
What sport does the sister of Khristo Etropolski partake in?
What is Jennifer Hudson's hair and eye color?
Which is the de facto standard named after the luminiferous aether and whose name contains the word ethernet?
Name a biblical character that contain the word " yael" in its name
What is technetium and how was it discovered?
What was Jenny Thompson received participating in 1996 Summer Olympics?
Which is the literature work that had Hebrew as a language of work?
Who is the record producer of Duck Hunt that died in Komatsu?
Where is the death location of Amon Goth, which has twin cities named Milan?
When did Alcatraz Island become a heritage designation  place listed on the National Register of Historic Places?
What's the Betelgeuse constellation constellation?
Were the points for the 2013 National Women's Soccer League less than or more than 290.4?
Is the People's Republic of China's real GDP growth rate equal to 6.7?
What is the ticker symbol for HSBC Holdings on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange?
What player conflict did the 61st Infantry Division have?
Which {antiparticle} in a{photon} ?
What is the leaf of this taxon source of Spinacia oleracea?
Which is the federal state that was a participant in the Cuban Missile Crisis?
What time does Homo ergaster start?
Which is the birth city of Mamoru Miyano , that have indigenous council namely Saitama Prefectural Assembly?
What was discovered at Astatine that is in the country of Lesotho?
What is the Arabic organization of diplomacy, for the Kingdom of Arabia.
What is the series in work of Waluigi?
What noble title is given to Louis II of Italy followed by Charles the Bald?
Was Alec Baldwin a student of Wray Carlton?
What criteria was used for the world junior records in athletics?
Which is the number of registered users or contributors for Wikipedia?
what is the grammatcal mood of turkish
Which star has the most points?
WHAT IS THE LABEL IN ORIGINAL LANGUAGE OF ALTERY OF UTERUS
Where is the road bridge for next crossing upstream of London Bridge?
What is the written history of Juan Antonio Samaranch?
what are the fantastique genre which contains the word sorcery in their name
When did Luigi Cherubini start holding the position as directors of higher national conservatories of music, dance and drama in France?
What is ATVK ID for Riga?
What is the Australian National University's Australian Government Organisations Register ID?
Which is LocFDD ID for Portable Document Format?
What is the CoA image order of Johann Tetzel?
What is BG EKATTE place ID for Sofia ?
what is the statement is subject for turkey has diplomatic relation as morocco?
Which isotope of xenon has the most natural abundance?
Which is the tributary of the outflow of Minho River?
Which inferior planet has the longest synodic period?
What is the Australian Women's Register ID of Cate Blanchett?
At what point in time did Francis Galton receive the Copley Medal?
How many applies to jurisdiction for Australian dollar?
Did Blink-182 perform indie rock and pop punk?
What is the birth place of Syrian Darley Arabian?
Which is the US Congress Bio ID for Alexander Hamilton?
Did Rocky feature actors Sylvester Stallone and Russell Wong?
When did Commonwealth realm for currency of Australian dollar?
Which is the operating area for Democracy Now! ?
What is the diameter of the Arecibo Observatory which applies to Illuminated aperture?
Was Clement I's middle name the same as Klemen?
How many Doctor Who spin-offs are there?
What administrative territorial entity of Russia starts with the letter "t"?
Did the UK and Prussia participate in the Battle of Waterloo?
What is the current edition of Hamlet?
How much did Tim Cahill score when playing for which team?
Who wrote the musical score of Illya Darling?
Are the number of wins by George O'Leary 133?
Which Amendments to the Constitution of Ireland have the largest number of spoiled votes?
Who is the father of Errol Flynn?
Who is the {art movement} for {discoverer or inventor} of {Claude Monet}
Are there 260 prisoners in the Justizvollzugsanstalt Chemnitz?
What is the TV program created by Ellen DeGeneres ?
Which is the sovereign state for the currency pound sterling?
Who is the composer of Die Walküre?
Tell me which diatomic nonmetal oxidises fastest?
where did the yerevan administrative territorial entinty located and end its end time?
Who is the writer of Utopia, whose political seat is Lord Chancellor?
Can the isobutyl alcohol auto ignition temperature be greater than 498.0?
Jefferson Davis is the head of government for which constitutional republic?
What is the prize received by Anne Baxter that has winners like Wendy Hiller?
Which is the  start time for Salman of Saudi Arabia has position held as King of Saudi Arabia ?
Which is the professional services firm which contains the word kpmg in it's name?
who is the country code top-level domain for top-level Internet domain  of German Democratic Republic?
how many member active in for Lysander Spooner ?
Is the drag coefficient of the Hyundai Ioniq equal to 0.24?
What is the worst-case performance of Dijkstra's algorithm?
At what point was Krasnodar Krai the country for the Circassians?
What are the academic discipline which start with the letter transplantology
What ideology do the members of Patrick Harrington follow?
Where is Sergei Diaghilev's house in the Capital of Perm Krai?
When does Rakesh Kumar compete?
Who are the inhabitants of Benue?
What are the all written works of Orson Welles?
What is named after November in Czech?
Who {is in the voivodeship of} of {works at} of {Alan Watson} ?
Is the absolute magnitude of the 21 Letetia equal to 7.35?
Which means  {Beach Volleyball Database ID} in  {Misty May-Treanor} ?
Where was Christian liturgy founded?
Which literary award did John Steinbeck receive?
Which is {position held} of {Francis} that is {of} is {San Roberto Bellarmino} ?
{linked data structure} film studio
Which is the diagnostic test of the health specialty of anatomical pathology that starts with the letter p?
Does the fusion enthalpy of Zirconium ruthenide equal 70.44?
What is the termination date for Hillary Clinton's time as senator?
What is it?
What are the religion and the sex of Steve Wozniak?
What is the Minor Planet Center observatory code for Mount Wilson Observatory?
What is the Telegram username for Cristina Kirchner
which sculpturewith the maximum horizontal depth whose instance of is sculpture?
What is Mao Zedong's Chinese Political Elites Database ID?
What is Spotify's snap package?
What country is Benghazi located in?
Was Lindsay Lohan born in The Bronx?
When did Euclid develop his theory of geometry?
Is the cruise speed of the Typhoon equal 1.5?
For what role was Joanne Woodward nominated for a Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Miniseries or Television Movie?
Who gave the{parent company of} of {regulatory body} of {Armenian} ?
What is Jacob Grimm's DBC author ID?
Who is the founder of Tamara Ecclestone working for?
When did Rainer Werner Fassbinder and his ex Ingrid Caven divorce?
When did Reporters Without Borders win the Monismanien Prize?
What is the location of narrative of the Tropic of Cancer that has towns in the 11th arrondissement of Paris?
Tell me legendary figure whose name has the word etain in it
Which is the college attended by the developer of pasteurization?
Which is the maximum frequency of audible sound for house cat?
Which is the New Georgia Encyclopedia ID of Eli Whitney?
In which country is the territory of Tripura?
What is the { academic major } for { Alexey Navalny } as { UCA (Sin embargo no terminó el primer semestre) }?
What is the language of work and the lyrics for West Side Story were written by who?
Which is the child body part of the constellation of HD 152079?
What is Teuchos ID forJohann Eck ?
Which {is son} who {has brother} of {Victoria Cary} ?
What nominations did Silence of the Lambs receive for the 64th Academy Awards?
What are the peace treaty which start with the letter t
What is the alumna of Elizabeth Cady Stanton, whose listed status is the place listed on the National Register of Historic Places?
Is it true Influenza drug used for treatment oseltamivir and zanamivir?
Give me the end time for Vicente Fox has position held as Governor of Guanajuato?
Which form of currency is in use in Loving Virginia?
Is it true that the stroke of the DRG Class 03 is less than 528?
Was Seth MacFarlane's record label "Def Jam Recordings"?
The parallax of Polaris is?
Is the female population of Bommadasanahalli less than 0.0?
WHEN DID THE SATELLITE FOUND THE STAR OF MERCURY?
How many directors are placed in the {Scandinavian Airlines} ?
What is the station of the series of We'll Always Have Cyprus?
What are the disciplinary repository which start with the letter engrxiv
Who are the characters from the narrative of Sigurd?
What is INDUCKS character ID for Scrooge McDuck?
What are the brain region that starts with the letter t
Who is the screenwriter for The Birth of a Nation
Which is the serial number for Enola Gay?
What is the name of the crude drug that contains monoclinic crystal system and has gypsium in its name?
Name the newest NMHH rating category that replaces category IV?
How many costume designers did Mary Poppins have?
Chemical compounds are studied in what branch of science?
Give the name of the most memory capacity smartphone by the Android Nougat operating system?
Which is the contains settlement of Utrecht?
Is Czech and Canadian French listed in country calling codes?
Is the number of victims of killer Ronald Gene Simmons less than 12.8?
What is the ticker symbol for Novartis on the New York Stock Exchange?
Which software company's CEO is Gabe Newell?
Is the albedo of teh 1347 Patria larger than 0.024?
Which is a target of Eldridge Cleaver?
Where in the HQ location of Transparency International is the border?
Which division is the team of Tallan Martin in?
Is the Cardinality of the group of the McLaughlin group less than 1077753600.0?
Is San Vicente's electorate fewer than 8658.0?
What is the position held by Bonar Law who is elected in UK Parliamentary by-election?
"what is {designer} of {IV final fantasy}?
which island with the highest width whose country is norway?
Name the gas that can cause formaldehyde exposure ?
Tell me the newcast whose presenter is Steve Kroft and starts with number 6!
What is the archeological site named after Qin Shi Huang?
What is the number of out of school children of the  continent of Slave River ?
Which is the Sporthorse data ID of Northern Dancer?
Who is the chairman that developed ARPANET?
Which is the mean lifetime for red blood cell?
What is the subject stated in Los Angeles Times which is differ from subject in Butch-Wilt feud?
Did Igor Stravinsky become the winner of the The Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award was?
Who is the closest female relative?
What is the start time for the Lower Paleolithic era?
tell me mausoleum that World Heritage criteria   that starts with letter m
Is the FNM 280 bore 400.0 or less?
What is Scopus Author ID for Andrey Korotayev ?
Which star is part of the constellation, WASP-13b?
What country of the Russian Empire is the birth place of Feodor Chaliapin?
Did Jennifer Aniston live in Bel Air?
What is the extrasolar planet in the constellation Centaurus with the greatest (M sin i)?
Who is Rafael Nadal's coach ?
What government office pays tribute to the Church of St Peter.
What is the named after and the followed by of Electron ?
The word bocce is contained in which game variant
What part of The Birth of Venus was based on Jupiter?
What are the legal concept which start with the letter s
What partner city of Oakland is in the principal area of Santiago de Cuba Province?
IBM has employees Wikimedia category?
What number of partnerships does Autonomous University of Barcelona have?
Who is the person in the head of state of Tokugawa Shogunata?
When and where did Henry I of France and Anne of Kiev get married?
Did the Soviet Union and Independent State of Croatia participate in the Battle of Stalingrad?
What is Biblioteca Nacional de México ID of Cantinflas?
What was the prize money Johannes Diderik van der Waals received for the Nobel Prize in Physics?
What position is held by Edward Health and when was he elected?
What is the songwriter of Hard Contract known for?
Who is the married child of Tabinshwehti?
How many editions are there of Daniel?
Is the watershed area of the Schottmecke more than .5112?
What is dubbed by the described work of Ansem?
Is Kieran Culkin a sibling to Macaulay_Culkin ?
What is the area of mathematics that algebraists practice and contain the word algebra in its name.
When was Milos Forman received the Czech Medal of Merit award?
According to the census, what is the population of Hawaii?
Which is {series} of {prequel} {Within a Budding Grove} ?
"Who is {Wolf Totem} of {set location}, that has {diplomatic relation} to {Zambia} ?"
What is Hordeum vulagare's  IPNI plant ID?
When was Tatum O'Neal has received  Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress?
Did Pliny the Younger die in Brazil?
who is the position held of Joko Widodo?
Which is the wisdenindia.com ID for Sachin Tendulkar?
What is EuroVoc ID for organization?
who is translated of the translation by nemean ode I?
What award did Ursula K. Guin receive as the the victor over Jacinda Townsend
What is the isospin z-component of pion?
What is Johan Ludvig Runeberg's Dictionary of Swedish Translators ID?
BEtween what years was ancient Rome active?
What state with the lowest mains voltage is a member of Interpol?
What is the place of activity of Paul Gauguin, that has shires and is in the 7th arrondissement of Paris?
When did the Iron Age start in Greece?
Pompeu Fabra University has how many rectors?
Name the country associated with Himachal Pradesh.
WHICH IS THE ROMAN AGNOMEN FOR CONSTANTINE THE GREAT
What is the country of citizenship and the occupation of Faith Hill?
In what country did the Watergate Scandal occur?
What is the name of the party that starts with y and occurs on the day of the winter solstice?
Which taxon has the highest frequency of audible sound?
Which is the Free Software Directory entry for Ruby?
Which platinum isotope has the most excess mass?
Tell me the name of the smallest collection of artwork that includes a painting of Samson destroying the Temple.
In what position was Frederick John Robinson, 1st Viscount Goderich replaced by Arthur Wellesley, 1st Duke of Wellington?
What does the pancreas innervate?
Which is the royal or noble rank for what is said to be the same as that of Sultan?
Which historic county of England that is enclave within of Leicester?
What position did Thomas Cranmer replace William Warham?
For what work was Frank Lloyd granted an Academy Award for Best Director?
In which museum is Hadrian buried?
Which astronomical survey does the California Institute of Technology operate?
Who was the person that was the child of Alexander Pushkin?
Name an art that starts with the letter T
What is the Virtual Person ID by Jan Evangelista Purkyně?
What gun has the highest firing rate?
What is the ideology of George Steinbrenner political party?
Which is the SCN of Galileo?
Is the g-factor of a neutron equal to -4.5913014?
What software does Aeroflot use
What motorcycle model has the least compression ratio and uses water as a coolant?
When is the start date of the case of Bowers v. Hardwick?
How many contain settlements relate to The Hague
What are the symptoms of malaria?
Name a wizard in "Harry Potter".
What is the total area of the place where Elvy Sukaesih is a citizen?
What is TripAdvisor ID for British Museum ?
When was James Cagney's spouse born?
Is Sasha Spielberg the daughter of Steven Spielberg?
When did Alberto Dines receive the Austrian Holocaust Memorial Award?
n/a
What is the municipality of Catalonia that has the highest population?
What is the key incident in the death of Vasily I of Moscow?
What San Francisco Bay tributary is the Iburi-Horobetsu River?
Tell me the human-geographic territorial entity that contains the word wielopole in their name
What did Edward Thorndike major in at Harvard University?
What jurisdiction is applied to the limited liability company of which Harry S. Truman was chancellor?
What position is held by Neville Chamberlain and when was he elected?
When was Malik ibn Anas born?
What kinds of animals are displayed at the Smithsonian Institution?
For which position Emmanuel Macron has been elected ?
Which sovereign state of Sofia has the administrative territorial entity?
Name the steam locomotive that is known as a tender locomotive and has the least amount of stroke.
What position did Mikhail Gorbachev hold before being replaced by Vladimir Ivashko?
What is located around Edmonton and who lives there?
What is the treatment for the symptoms of Frailty Syndrome?
Tell me album whose name has the word wall in it.
Who is the CEO of Society of Jesus?
Who was the architect of the Brandenburg Gate
What award Scarlett Johansson received which statement is subject of in 64th Tony Awards?
Who is the {father} and the {spouse} of {Roger_Waters} ?
What is the rank of the Taxon Parent of Roe Deer?
Is WWE the owner of The World?
What media company is The Economist owned by?
Which is the location map image of Western Sahara which is in aspect ration 2:1?
When did position held of Harold Holt and electoral district?
What type of kinship did Mary I of England have with her siblings Henry FitzRoy, 1st Duke of Richmond and Somerset?
What medals has the Royal Philharmonic Society given Herbert von Karajan?
What are the treatments for the {Ebola virus disease} ?
Is the number of masts of Carroll A Deering more than 4?
Tell me the public educational institution of the United States in the category for employees of the organization of Clemson University faculty whose name contains the word clemson?
What genetic association caused John Gotti to die?
In what year did Franklin Delano Roosevelt graduate from Columbia Law School?
IS THE DATA SIZE OF DPECIAL ARCHIVE MOSCOW IS LESS THAN 5873840.8
Which member of originates of Saturday Night Live?
What is the position  elected in  for  Robert Gascoyne - Cecil, 3rd Marquess of Salisbury held as  Member of the 18th Parliament of the United Kingdom ?
For what work was Charles Laughton nominated for at the Academy Award for Best Actor ?
What drug, that is partially comprised of oxygen, has the lowest combustion flash point?
How many masses does the Airbus A340} has?
Which is the {programming paradigm} and the {developer} of {SQL} ?
By what era was the Archaean period succeeded?
What State continues from Kwara state and is next to Ekiti State?
When did research center for subsidiary of Brown University?
When was Ali al-Hadi born, given that it was before 1584?
What is the { time point } for { Cathedral of Christ the Savior } { significant event } as the { beginning of construction }?
Is Christine Chubbuck a journalist and a presenter?
When and where did Tom Brady and Gisele Bundchen get married?
Which quantum particle has the highest electric charge?
Tell me sports club whose name has the word akers in it.
who is the sports season for sport of australian rules football?
Name someone living in Indianapolis
Name a royal rank in Ancient Egypt that contains the word "pharaoh" in its name
In what country and location did the Battle of the Somme take place?
Which is the international auxiliary language for the country origin of Russian Empire?
What is the 1.1 with the largest number of participants?
What role did Kim Hunter play in 'Gone With The Wind'?
What are the scientific theory which start with the letter universe
Did Emma Thompson win the Academy Award for best Actress?
When does the National Hockey League season starts and what is its sport?
Which highly urbanized city has the highest mains voltage?
Which humans practice the Russian Orthodox religion?
Which is the minimum explosive concentration of sucrose?
What magnitude on the Richter magnitude scale was the 2011 Tohoku earthquake and tsunami?
What country shares a border with Iran and Afghanistan?
Are TD Garden and Boston Garden home venue for Boston Celtics?
What are the archives at the Bibliotheque nationale de France?
Does the face value of the 50 cent euro coin equal less than 0.6?
Is the color index of the Nu1 Sagittarii equal to 1.608?
For what performance was Steven Allen in nomination for the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Guest Actor in a Drama Series?
What are the active ingredients of the pharmaceutical product niacin
who is the significant person of mark zuckerberg?
Is the sports league level of the EFL Championship more than 1.6?
Which weapon model has the highest rate of fire?
Are Son Guku and Yamcha Dragon Ball characters?
tell me about use starts with t
What award did Sandra Bullock receive at the 82nd Academy Awards?
What was Joseph L. Mankiewicz nominated for for his work in 5 fingers?
With geography as the topic, which subject in the history of Maine describes the geography of Maine?
What language is signed in The Walrus and the Carpenter/
Which historical country is Achaemenid Empire the capital of?
Where is the publishing house from The Very hungry Catterpillar ins the town of New York City?
For which sports team did Stanley Matthews play and in how many matches did he compete?
Who are the art directors for Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs?
What is inhabitants of born in  Joseph Colombo ?
Which is the programming language of Bitcoin?
What is the LEM ID of the Gregorian calendar?
operator}
Where was Anthony Mundine educated.
Which is the Avion that has home venue the XL Center and contains the word boston in it's name?
Is Athena domain of saint, of deity pottery and immortality ?
Is the enthalpy of vaporization of the DL-methyl lactate less than 35.76?
australian
Which is the Lega Serie A team ID for Juventus F.C.?
Does the Colditz number of episodes equal 2?
What it Captain America's shield image?
Name the private educational institution in Berlin with the most students ?
What gene was found to be associated with anorexia nervosa through the TAS method?
What is the male version of the name Abu Bakr
What is Maurice Merleau-Ponty's Itunes artist ID?
"Which equation is often confused with thereof Pi, which comes before the letter P?"
Who is the father and mother of Pablo Picasso?
In what sport did Agnes Miegel receive a 1st place medal?
Was Ava Gardner married to Mickey Rooney and Artie Shaw?
Which is the puppet state of the capital of Vilnius?
What is the production date for The Barber of Seville?
Is the thermal diffusivity of nylon greater than 0.072?
What is the name of a sibling duo that starts with the letter v.
Which is the presidential system for Joko Widodo in the head of government?
Is the annual number of weddings in Bernissart more than 46.8?
Which cyclone has the highest atmospheric pressure that was part of the 2008 typhoon season?
Name the least flammable nitrogen-containing class IIIB combustible liquid
"What academic supervisor of Al-Shafi'i, encompasses a similar religious affiliation as Sunni Islam?"
What legislative body of West Virginia has a part in the West Virginia House of Delegates?
Is the Keret House 2 floors above ground?
What is the United Arab Emirates diplomatic relation to Serbia?
Is it true that the lighthouse range of Mickelsland lighthouse is greater than 1.6?
What is the time zone in the Kochi continent?
Which is The Numbers person ID of Peter Jackson?
Which significant scandal involved Nicolas Sarkozy?
Who gave the{conjugate acid} of {item used} of {water torture} ?
Tell me me a war deity whose name consist of the word "wadjet" and whoseworshipped by religion of ancient Egypt
Is the total equity of WarnerMedia equal to 28370000000?
Tell me about a legal case applying to jurisdiction of the Supreme Court of the United states and contains the word Maryland in their name
What medication is used to treat cocaine addiction
WHAT IS THE CATALAN OBJECT OF CULTURAL INTEREST ID OF SAGRADA FAMILIA
What is the death location, bordered by Gussago, of Carlo Maria Giulini?
What is the emblem of Notre Dame in Paris
Which is the handle for the Van Gogh Museum?
Who received an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for Spartacus?
Who was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Director for The Third Man?
Did Richard Branson own eDreams?
What was the end time for Thaddeus Stevens who held position as United States representative?
When was Leslie Caron's Academy Award nomination for Best Actress?
How many medical conditions does Demi Lovato have?
What is the main building "Harry Potter" is set in?
Who is the master of the musical score of Songs of sundrie natures?
What is the coach  of the part of team of Maciej Śliwowski ?
What was the academic discipline of Giovanni Bellini that influenced his paintings?
What is often confused with the badge, that is part of the series that is Law & Order: Criminal Intent?
Is the individual tax rate of the Netherlands equal to 42?
Which is the archival creator authority record at the Archives nationales of Michel Ney?
What's the human difference to Magic Johnson?
When was Menachem Begins Minister without portfolio?
Who gave the {AWLD status} of {second language} of {Jean Dujardin} ?
George Weah is in which public office?
Who is the record producer, who also has work as a structural engineer, of Scooby Doo?
What was the British Empire's basic form of government and the category of associated people?
Is the event distance of the 1969 German Grand Prix equal to 14?
Where is the place of Thomas Gray located?
Where is the river mouth located that's part of Danube?
In what manner did Albrecht von Wallenstein die that was distinguishable from a justifiable homicide?
when did kolkata nominated for Bengal presidency?
Who is the {international airport} for {item operated} of {Delta Air Lines}
Give me the solar optical telescope with the largest angular resolution.
When did Romain Rolland with the Prix Femina?
Which is the book for the list of works of Xi Jinping?
What are the comedic genre which start with the letter s
Which sovereign state shares a border with the Austrian Empire?
Which is the Indianapolis Museum of Art artwork ID for Whistler's Mother?
Where were the borders of the Adams-Onis Treaty?
What does meteorology study?
Is the Scoville grade of the Cayenne pepper equal to 30000?
How many cast members are there in M?
What people and geography are associated with Cornwall?
What is PubMed Health specializing in myocardial infarction?
When did Ibaraki Prefecture become head of government instead of Masaru Hashimoto?
Who is the incumbent of the political office held by Arthur Drewry?
Was Mark Twain a journalist and humorist?
which positioning number for Al Smith (also using the name Alfred)?
What minigun, which has rotary cannon, was designed by General Electric?
Which musical is based off of Candide?
Mudanjiang is located in which time zone?
What award did Elizabeth Loftus receive for psychology?
L-Arginine is encoded by how many?
What is the day of the year for the periodic occurrence and also the foods traditionally linked to Christmas?
What is the name of Tom Hanks Spouse
Is Boeing_B-52_Stratofortress armed with AGM-86 ALCM and Mark 84?
Which is located on the administrative territorial entity for trajan has a place of birth as italica?
Which is the topographic isolation of Kanchenjunga?
Which rural cities have movable object location from Crimean War?
Who replaced Robert Cecil as Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster?
Rabah Madjer belongs to which sports team and in how many matches did he represent them?
What is the region that What's Going On comes from?
What is the capital of Japan?
WHAT IS ISLAND OF LOCATION OF MONTREAL
Who is mother of Cloris Leachman
For which role did Hrithik Roshan receive the Filmfare Award for Best Actor?
Was Michael Phelps a participant of the 2010 Winter Olympic?
Where was Lucius Cornelius Sulla, of Roman Republic, born?
Which is the mythical human-animal hybrid that is worshiped by Greek mythology and starts with the letter m?
Which writer was Salman Rushdie's main influence ?
Who gave the{member of crew of} of {previous is} of {Gemini 7} ?
Was Lockheed_Martin_F-22_Raptor manufacturer Boeing Defense, Space & Security and United States Air Force ?
What type of mathematical function starts with the letter "r"?
Is it true that the genome size of the Triticum aestivum equals to 16000?
Which run-of-the-river hydro power station has highest installed capacity?
Tell me which automobile manufacturer is in stock exchange of Tokyo Stock Exchange whose name contains the word toyota?
What is the Chemins de mémoire ID for the Eiffel tower?
Which is the notable work of John Dickson Carr?
What are the medical procedure which start with the letter v
For what production did Agnes de Mille win the Tony Award for Best Choreography?
Name the property measured by Cattell Culture Fair III that contains the word "intelligence" in its name
Who is the master of Leonardo da Vinci, who was employed as a sculptor?
What the name of a university that contains the word "university" in its name?
wich means {Fed Cup player ID}at  {Maria Sharapova} ?
Which is {pronunciation audio} of {victim} of {Suez Crisis} ?
Which artist inspired the Tempest?
Benzene has how many time-weighted average exposure limits?
How do you play football?
What what is type of sport indigenous by Celt and also which starts with letter h
What is the name of the husbands of Showrunner in the Walking Dead?
when did Zarah Leander married Nils Leander?
What is the code for the INSEE region of Réunion?
Which museum has the history and rememberence of Jefferson Davis.
What is less than the fundamental state of matter of gas?
What did the pupil of Mencius die of?
In what species is the generic association of Hepatitis B found?
Name a famous invasion that starts with letter m
How many creators are there for quantum mechanics?
What genre are the songs in Frozen, the Original Motion Picture's Soundtrack?
What is the name of the video game soundtrack for Grand Theft Auto V?
Who, employed by Fritz Haber, has director Eberhard Umbach?
Which is the human action that starts with letter z?
What is MythBusters' location narrative and outcome in the 1906 San Francisco earthquake?
What position did Sebastian Coe have and why did he stop?
Is it true that the foreign transaction fee of the BankAmericard equals to 3?
What iis dedicated to Saint Wenceslaus I, Duke of Bohemia?
Which is the ASC Leiden Thesaurus ID for database?
"Which is {taxon parent} of {Fungi imperfecti}, that has {to be distinguished from} is {plant} ?"
How many programming paradigms are there for Visual Basic .NET?
Which Stuttgart Open has the highest prize money?
What is the start time for Freeman Dyson award receipt for Josiah Willard Gibbs lectureship?
What award nomination did Morgan Freeman receive, that had been previously won by Walter Matthau?
What literary genre starts with the letter "s"?
Which is solved by the prime number of theorem?
What is the file format of the Portable Document Format?
Where are the headquarters of Yuriy Tselykh's team located?
Name a doll created by Mattel that start with letter K
How many wears for Michael Jordan?
What type of science that studies of due to the seismic wave?
What are the psychoactive which start with the letter o
Who has the best personal record?
When did Adoor Gopalakrishnan receive the National Film Award for Best Direction?
Tell me close combat weapon whose name has the word yatagan in it.
When did Lisbon become the capital of the Portuguese Empire?
which position Chiang Kai-shek holds and when did he select?
What is the specialty sport played by Werner Kooistra?
who ideology of political party of konstantinos karamanlis?
WHO IS THE CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER OF GOLDMAN SACHS
Is the explosive energy equivalent of the Blue Peacock equal to 10?
What is the work by teacher Jesus Christ?
Which is the leading group unit of Guy Demel's team?
Which international court is located in Strasbourg?
What business is Verizon involved with?
In what country, which has diplomatic relations with Libya, was Sixto Durán Ballén born?
How many NLC authorities does Mo Yan have?
Which is the Internet Archive ID for TurboGrafx-16?
What is Nikola Karabatić's European Handball Federation player ID?
What are the diplomatic relations between Ukraine and Latvia?
Who is the  {banknote} for {depicts} of {Isaac Newton}
In which continent is the Chinese art, with Eastern European Time zone?
Were the administrators of Lyon Aleppo and Curitiba?
Is the Mohs' hardness of the graphite more than 1.8?
What does frequency measure and what is a similar measurement to it?
Which is the active ingredient for methadone?
What's the shortest time a person can be exposed to antimony?
When is the time of the interment in the Trayvon Martin?
Was Arpad Busson a partner to Uma Thurman ?
Name a multiple star constellation with Centaurus in it that contains the word "hd" in its name
Tell me boat type whose name has the word yoal  in it.
What is the magnetic ordering for  ferromagnetism?
Was Tiger Woods nominated for Laureus World Sports Award for Sportsman of the year?
Which is the time-weighted average exposure limit for calcium carbonate?
Which is the Patientplus ID for death?
Chester A. Arthur was which number Vice President of the United States?
Tell me weapon family whose name has the word weapon in it.
What is the main influence of T.S. Eliot's bibliography?
Does cobalt-70 has a half-life that is more than 0.4?
When did Thomas Hunt Morgan stop being the chairperson at the American Association for the Advancement of Science?
Where did William Bligh die?
WHat kind of quantum particle is a superpartner to electrons ?
Andrzej Biezan made what type of music?
What is the Mappy place ID for the Louvre Museum
n/a
Who replaced Sean Penn as the President of the Jury at the Cannes Festival?
What is the Gini coefficient of N. Korea?
Is the minimum lethal dose of arsenic 160.0?
When did Jacob Zume become the head of state for South Africa?
What are the military academy which start with the letter école
Which is the film that has Robin Hood as character?
What is the stance of the originating source of life of the Dharmagupta?
Which is date of birth for  William Webb Ellis ?
Which is the sheet music for Symphony No. 9?
WHat medicine is used to treat pain ?
Municipal President of Nezahualcoytol's country is bordered by what nation?
Which is the administrative code of Indonesia of Denpasar?
How many constellations are there in the Milky Way?
How many matches did Josef Bican play for what team?
For which movie did Vivien Leigh recieve the Academy Award for Best Actress?
What is BabelNet ID for global city ?
What is the Ritchey–Chrétien telescope with the lowest observing time available whose has part is Four Laser Guide Star Facility?
Which is the {filming location} and the {narrative location} of {The_Social_Network} ?
What is  the Gentoo package of Perl ?
Which is the British Bobsleigh & Skeleton Association ID for Lizzy Yarnold?
How was the number of households in Cumbria determined for the United Kingdom Census in 2011?
What official language of Guam has a masculine gender?
Is the flexural strength of the callitris glaucophylla less than 85.2?
When was David Brown a member of the Warrington Wolves?
Was Whitney Huston's voice a spinto soprano type?
Is the apparent magnitude of the Sunflower Galaxy smaller than 10.32?
Was Brie Larson in Scott Pilgrim vs. the world?
Franxois Truaffaut has what honors won by Patrice Leconte?
which is amsl of home town of skip bayless?
What rebellion contains the work zollunruhen in it's name?
Is the thermal diffusivity of the gold greater than 101.6?
Which calender day of a given year has maximum time index?
For which disease aspirin is being used?
Name the irritant classified NFPA 704 with the highest enthalpy of vaporization ?
Who plays badminton?
who river for located in or next to body of water of Aachen?
What short film did Jim Henson write?
What is crafted from the invention of carbon nanotube?
who is film starring of un chien andalou that has his father is salvador dali i cusi
when did Jair Bolsonaro's term end at the
What is the reason for John Williams' nominations for Jaws?
Is the national team caps of Haruka Toko less than 8?
What is archivesof Barbara W. Tuchman ?
Who is the  {nuclear weapon} for {designed by} of {Manhattan Project}
What is Académie des beaux-arts member ID for Sebastião Salgado ?
When did Enoch Teye Mensah finish his time as head of government for Accra?
Is the block size of idea NXT equal to 128?
Name a colonial Empire that starts with letter B
Where are the inhabitants of 'Flowers in the Attic' originally from?
What is the name of the business division of of Reuters that is publicly traded?
TELL ME SEA MONSTER WHOSE NAME HAS THE WORD TANNIN IN IT.
Who is the {fundamental state of matter} for {greater than} of {gas}
Name a biblical character that starts with letter L
What is the type of variable star for luminous blue variables?
Which is the Academic Tree ID for Bohuslav Martinů?
What albums and films has 50 Cent been in?
What's the standard body of Extensible Markup Language?
What is the synonym of taxon for angiosperms?
What is the history of the science of language  and family?
What is Rotten Tomatoes ID of Double Indemnity?
Which French truss bridge is the longest?
What afflictions are there as a result of consuming benzene?
Tell me position whose name has the word yeonguijeong  in it.
Which is the via of D. B. Cooper?
who genetic association of regulates molecular biology of hsa-miR-4446-5p ?
Does polycarbonate have a heat capacity equal to 1000.0?
What is IMDb ID of Perez Hilton ?
What comes from punk rock that has twin city in Tokyo?
Which is the cause of death of Douglas Jardine?
Who was the {governor} of {Vichy France}, that {commands} during the {Battle of Verdun}?
In what year was Franz Hasiba elected the second mayor deputy of Graz?
What Indian reservation was the Kurdish–Turkish conflict in?
Which is the VKontakte ID for United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization?
Which is the binding of software library for Objective-C?
What is followed by Stranger in a Strange Land awarded as Prometheus Award - Hall of Fame?
Where is the enclave within Nottingham?
What is Czechoslovakia's national anthem?
Was Eazy-E a CEO?
What is AnimeCons.com id for Troy Baker?
How many people represented the {Sol LeWitt} ?
Which assembly is endemic to Gujarati?
Who had developed the Colossal Cave Adventure, whose first name is William?
Is it true that Axl Rose's family name is Rose?
Since what time Bern has the head of government as Alexander Tschäppät?
Is the gross tonnage of the Tugboat Spence greater than 151.2?
Which is the CONA ID for White House?
When is {deathdate} of {children} of {Chandragupta II} ?
Is the declination of the Orion Nebula greater than -4.3117432?
What term is used to describe a resident of Hong Kong?
what is sausage sandwich contains the word dog in their name
What are notable books developed by Unix
What is the WDPA ID of Serengeti National Park?
What continues from Doraemon?
Who is the filmography performer of Hrithik Roshan?
What is the ID number of Michel Foucault from College de France
Which is the German municipality key for Krefeld?
Who programmed Sonic the Hedgehog?
where is the country and writing system of Punjabi_language?
What is the University of Sao Paulo's e-MEC entry [number]?
The planetary system of Kepler-1625b is part of what constellation?
What are the business which start with the letter v
What time zone, Durrës, is located at standard time?
What is Pschyrembel Online ID for tuberculosis ?
Who composed the Star-Spangled Banner ?
What is the name of Hannah Murray's character on Game of Thrones?
What is wool made of?
Who is the daughter of Edward I of England where she died at Belgium?
Who are the children who studied under Michel Fokine?
What arrondissement handles administration in Paris?
which party starts with the letter z
how many number of deaths for measles ?
How many sibling are determined for Caroline Rose Hunt?
Which is the HKMDb film ID for In the Mood for Love?
When was Elizabeth Montgomery no longer married to Robert Foxworth?
Are Craig Steven Wright and Nick Szabo said to be the same as Satoshi Nakamoto?
What prize did Bernd and Hilla Becher win from Amnesty International?
Which is the Norwegian Polar Institute place name ID for Norwegian Sea?
What is the brother of the kids of Llywelyn the Great?
Who is the person with the lowest score in ski jumping.
Is the foreign direct investment net outflow of Belarus less than 876240000.0?
The family name for the Greek alphabet writing system is called what?
what role did Frasier play in recurring character?
what is performer of wonder women that is wonder women?
What is satrap's availability?
When did the Lower Paleolithic period begin in Western Asia?
Which is the {taxon rank} and the {parent taxon} of {Chickpea} ?
What is the official language of the Byzantine Empire?
What is the diplomatic relations status of South Sydney Rabbitohs?
TELL ME COMMUNICATIONS PROTOCOL WHICH START WITH THE LETTER Z
"Who works at the art from Antony Tudor, that's is in the voivodeship of the Orange county?"
Which  is greater than super-Earth?
What are the conjecture which start with the letter problem
What is J.K. Rowling's Ricochet author ID
Who are the publisher and author of The Catcher in the Rye?
What is the minimum age of the G =O?
Who wrote the Spin Alternative record Guide?
Do the visitors per year of the Paul-Raymond Museum equal to 1145?
Who is named after radiography, who had August Kundt as a teacher?
When did Gareth Edwards join the Wales national rugby team?
How many dimensions have a Captain America?
Which {label in official language} {anatomical location} of {thymus} ?
How can you write using the Phoenician alphabet?
Which contains the administrative territorial entity of Foshan?
What is {higher taxon} of {made from} of {Coicis Semen} ?
Which Indian state speaks Urdu?
What is the sports club with the highest member count whose instance of is association football club?
When did C. Everett Koop stop being the Surgeon General of the United States?
What award did Godzilla receive?
When did Aaron Sorkin receive the New York Film Critics Circle Award for Best Screenplay?
When is {drug interaction} {treatment} of {gastroenteritis} ?
What did COWSEL's role model develop?
which radio telescope has maximum wavelength of sensitivity in Chile?
Who is the victim that was conflicted with Stanley Rous?
What is the maximum number of players of skat
When was Verner von Heidenstam nominated for the Nobel Prize in Literature?
Mention the federative entity of Mexico responsible for Tenochtitlan
The Banglapedia ID for mammal is?
Which is the ESPN.com NBA player ID for LeBron James?
when is the {end time} for {Erik Erikson} who has {spouse} as {Joan Erikson} ?
How many male and female kids does Almanzor have?
Which is the position of the organisation directed from the office of Mossad?
What is the article for safety classification and labelling for zinc oxide?
For which work, Loretta Young was nominated for Academy Award for Best Actress?
Who is the  {human} for {family} of {Akhenaten}
What business is the parent organization of Sears?
When did Tom Wills stop playing for the Victoria cricket team?
Which is the box office for Breakfast at Tiffany's?
What is Campania's MusicBrainz area ID?
Who is Katie Ledecky related to?
What has arrondissements of the diplomatic relations of The Gambia?
When did Francisco Goya end his residence in Quinta del Sordo?
What is the company name operated by Galex?
What are the regions of the sovereign state of Baoting Li and Miao Autonomous County?
who is written by Letters of Ayn Rand ?
Which position and electoral district does John Stuart Mill hold?
What title of honor has the longest term in office?
"What is the label of Rick Astley whose owner is Sony Corporation of America?"
What are the fictional hybrid which starts with letter w
When did Yo-Yo Ma receive the award as David Prize?
Which is the Snooker.org player ID for Ronnie O'Sullivan?
When did Bertrand Russell marry Patricia Helen Spence?
What is the main tourist attraction for the religion of the Russian Orthodox Church?
When did Jozef Lenart end his time as head of government for Czechoslovakia?
Who is the operator and country of Bombardier Dash 8?
What position is held by Julius II which was once held by Marco Barbo?
What is the KSH code of Budapest?
What is the Lingusphere code for Swahili?
Name a song written by Lady Gaga.
Who are the partners in John Wright's struggle?
Does {Computer_science} {studies} {Apple Macintosh} and {computing} ?
What are the Greek deity which start with the letter Z
What municipality was Nikolai Trubetzkoy born in?
Which  is the series Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy ?
What is the terrorist attack with the highest number of deaths whose participant is Grupos Antiterroristas de Liberación ?
University of Pennsylvania painting collection is about which topic?
What is the mean lifetime of a neutron?
What is the taxon due to severe acute respiratory syndrome?
was jean-michel Basquiat's movement art movement and neo-expressionism?
Which is the cemetery with the highest point in Indianapolis?
What is MEP directory ID of Jean-Marie Le Pen?
Who painted Mona Lisa ?
Who is the architect of the Hagia Sophia and what is its architectural style?
What is Sigmund Jähn's first name in Latin?
Which is the Norse deity that is partner of Odin?
What are the food ingredient which start with the letter zucchini
When was Volgograd founded?
What was the nomination received by Aki Kaurismäki whose prize winner was Sam Garbarski?
Does multiple sclerosis have a genetic association with RIT1?
Tell me naval offensive  whose name has the word attack in it.
Who is the secretary general for Michel Aflaq?
Which is the JMDb film ID for Nausicaä of the Valley of the Wind?
What are the lyrics and language of work or name of God Save the Queen?
What is International Numbering System number for citric acid ?
Since when was Forbes Burnham a member of the People's National Congress?
What crystal system was crafted out of a glacier?
n/a
Music by 21st Century Schizoid Man is part of what label?
What is the website account of Sergey Brin?
Which means{Biographical Dictionary of Georgia ID} for {Joseph Stalin} ?
When was the position of Alfred, Lord Tennyson as Poet Laureate of the United Kingdom came to an end?
When did Benjamin Netanyahu and Sara Netanyahu get married?
The Communist party of the Soviet Union, had a daily newspaper that was considered to be the mouthpiece of their propaganda; do you recall what it was?
How many diameter of 2 Pallas ?
What town in Pennsylvania is Punxsutawney Phil from?
Who is the member of Monsterrat who held an associate member role?
Is the Malta VAT-rate less than 14.4?
tell me phase of life starts with z
Who is Rodrigo Duterte's father?
Which {has fruit type} and the {this taxon is source of} of {Potato} ?
When did Cuba become a member of the UN?
Which is the Argentine Olympic Committee athlete ID for Manu Ginóbili?
Is the mass excess of iodine-136 less than -95454.2568?
What award did Cloris Leachman receive for their work on The Last Picture Show?
Is the number of records of the Israel Film Fund ID equal to 454?
Was the JMA magnitude of the 2013 Lushan earthquake 6.9?
Is the neutron number of argon-39 equal to 21?
How many engines does the Airbus A320 have ?
Does the Hobart Internation Airport have a patronage of 0?
What noble title did Berengar I of Italy hold and who did he follow?
What are the technical term which start with the letter v
Cortisol interacts with what protein?
Which sovereign states were participants in the Battle of France?
Which noble family of Henry II of England was co-founded by Ingelger?
Who is {brother or sister} of {L. Brent Bozell, Jr.} {wife}  ?
What is Cincinatti's twinned administrative body and administrative jurisdictional entity?
What is Hikaru Utada's label company?
Is M sin i of the HD 163607 c equal to 1.7608?
Who did Nelson Mandela replace as the President of South Africa?
Does the M1939 have an effective firing range of 8000?
Which is located in present-day administrative territorial entity for Friuli-Venezia Giulia?
Who is the structural engineer for Burj al-Arab?
Which {on geographical feature} is {owners} of {Palo Alto} ?
Which is the BDRC ID for Tenzin Gyatso?
In what part of the German Empire was Bertold Brecht born?
Tell me novel series whose name has the word twilight  in it.
Tell me unit of volume whose name has the word ćwierć in it.
Did Laura Dern marry Jeff Goldblum?
What honours did the composer of Symphony No. 9 receive?
Which is the Poetry Archive poet ID for Percy Bysshe Shelley?
What maritime identification digits signify the place of origin of Walden?
What is Q48460 of the domain of Giordano Bruno?
Which is the OpenCitations bibliographic resource ID for Journal of the American Chemical Society?
Which is Rodovid ID for Harold Godwinson?
What is the language spoken of by Jean-Pierre Rampal?
What is locator map image for Northern Mindanao ?
Which is the EUTA person ID for Hans Makart?
Is the right ascension of 3C 273 equal to 149.822332?
Tell me subculture whose name has the word therianthropes in it.
Was Ranbir Kapoor's native language Bengali?
Where is Toshiro Mifune's place of death in the villages of Shinjuku-ku?
What was first discovered in scientific data analysis that caused death by tuberculosis?
Where is the grave of Aristotle Onassis?
Who is the concubine of the scriptwriter of The Lady Without Camelias?
In what country does the European Union conduct diplomatic relations?
What is the capital of Nanjing?
What is NBN System Key for Accipiter?
What are thebarycenter which start with the letter center
What timeline is the topic of the aspect of Mathematical formulation of quantum mechanics?
What is adjacent to Yamanashi Prefecture, that has municipalities in Haibara District?
who is excavation director of Assur ?
Who was the spouse of Rudolph Valentino and when did they divorce?
Pikachu is on the list of characters in Super Smash Bros. Who are some of the non-playable characters?
Which is the inverse of the religious affiliation of Dick Donato?
What is Schläfli symbol of pyramid ?
Was the earthquake magnitude on the moment magnitude scale in the 365 Crete earthquake equal 8.5?
What country has the official language of Norwegian?
What awards has Elton John won?
Which position did Mahavira replace Parshvanatha for?
Which  is Open Beauty Facts category ID of shampoo ?
What is between the connection of Fukushima Prefectural Road Route 52?
Is Global Warming the opposite of Global Cooling?
Name the impact crater on Mars with the smallest diameter.
How do you use a microphone?
what is marriageable age for Hungary?
Obergefell v Hodges overrules?
What is EDIT16 catalogue printer id of Aldus Manutius?
What is the historical total fertility rate of Mali?
What nominative-accusative dead language has the least number of speakers?
What painting depicts Dante Alighieri?
Based in Arizona, what is David Spade's alma mater?
What holiday is used to celebrate the resurrection of Jesus?
What is Canmore ID for Forth Bridge ?
Who has the craft of songwriter and is the lyricist of Dixie?
What scripting language designed by Rasmus Lerdorf starts with letter p ?
What type of geography is on the continent of Eastern Bloc?
When did Józef Cyrankiewicz and his spouse Nina Andrycz get divorced?
What is the tributary of the spans of the Ma'anshan Bridge?
Was Komodo_dragon habitat Flores and Rinca ?
Which is the honorific suffix of Sir?
Who are the stockholders that helped develop Call of Duty?
For what movie did Woody Harrelson win Best Supporting Actor in the Academy Awards for?
Who has arrondissements to the district of Concord?
Where is the Louis Armstrong museum?
Is the box office of the Moon equal to 9760104?
Who employed Mata Hari as a spy?
When did Jose Luis Chila start playing for C.A Velez Sarsfield?
What is in conflict at the memorial of Statue of Thomas Munro?
What is the minimum viable temperature of the strain?
Which sports league has the highest sports league level?
What is the taxon rank and the endemic to of Komodo_dragon ?
When did Ernst Wilimowski become the member of a sports team known as FC Signen 04?
In which ice hockey team season has the lowest number of points/goals conceded whose country is United States of America ?
How did Lionel Trilling die?
Who won the Grammy Award for best rap/sung performance with Eminem?
What is Buckwheat taxon's source and what award has been received?
Is Uranus the child astronomical body of Desdemona and Prospero?
What are the national symbol which start with the letter palestine
Who was the leader of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union?
What is ethnic group of Mapuche ?
How many people were on Edward Smith's crew?
What is the statement is subject of Bangladesh that shares border with India?
Which is the significant drug interaction for cocaine?
What is the origin of AIESEC, that borders Ans?
How many license plates have "plus one" or "+one"?
Since when was Jinju twinned with Omsk?
Which is the route of administration for smoking?
Which is legislated by the United Nations resolution?
What role, Lee Meriwether, performed at Catwoman?
What is Thomas Henry Huxley a member of that was established by Anders Johan von Höpken?
What town of Guernica has the partner city New York City?
In Rama, what is the literary work for the characters?
Which is the birthplace of J.Edgar Hoover in the territory identical with District of Columbia?
Which protein interacts with morphine?
what are the Christian movement which  contains the word phineas in their name
Who was the student of Democritus?
Tell me the number of points, goals, set scored that Marco van Basten achieved and for what sports team.
When does Madjer become a member of the sports team Botafogo F.R.?
What is business division of United Airlines ?
For sourcing circumstances what is the birth date of John Chrysostom?
WHAT ARE THE DAILY NEWSPAPPER WHICH START WITH THE LETTER Z
tell me international sport governing body that starts with w
Who is the lead singer for Nirvana
Was FUJIC influenced by computers?
When did award received of Frederick Sanger and prize money?
What are the demographic profile which start with the letter t
What sector has the ThinkPad developed?
Which isotope of antihydrogen with a gravitational interaction has the smallest electric charge ?
which concept starts with the letter u
From the work Neighbours, what was Margot Robbie nominated for?
"What's the {aspect of} of {history of Georgia}, whose's {mayor} is {Giorgi Kvirikashvili}?"
What is {typology} of {spoken language} of {Edward Brooke} ?
What are the W3C recommendations regarding HTML5?
Who replaced Arthur Fadden's held position as Prime Minister of Australia?
To which sports team is Roberto Carlos a member and how many matches has he played?
Name the communist party Vladimir Lenin was a member of.
What can be found in species of genetic association of Alzheimer's disease?
which is the chronology of topic of language used on jacques marquette
What do Jim & Ingrid Croce play?
What superhero's name starts with "W"?
Who is the team member that married Chryss Goulandris?
Which is the Québec cultural heritage directory people identifier of Joan of Arc?
Which employees are research fellows at the University of Southern California?
What is the product with the maximum per capita consumption rate as per Brockhaus and Efron Encyclopedic Dictionary ?
"What is the sister or brother of Anton Chekhov,that has the birth city in Taganrog?"
Name an athlete competing in long jump
What are the polymer which start with the letter t
When did George Santayana move from Ávila?
Which international airport is located in Salt Lake City?
Was Ray Kroc's given name Ray
What films did Mary Pickford appear in?
In West Bengal, what office does the head of state hold?
What is the {toponym} of the {Weierstrass function}, that is a {member of} {Corps Saxonia Bonn}
What is the Dictionary of Canadian Biography ID of Joseph Brant?
Where is the lost sculpture of Acropolis of Athens?
What award did Arthur Freed, author of An American in Paris, receive?
Which is the international airport for the transport hub of Belgrade?
Who is the  Mayor of First Abe Cabinet?
Which satellite is part of the constellation of Sagittarius A?
Who was nominated the Academy Award for Best Director for Rocky?
What are the mythical character which start with the letter Z
What is the Bucharest judet enclave?
Which is the historical motorcycle manufacturer which contains the word weslake in it's name?
What are the principle which start with the letter a
What is the fiction hedgehog in Sonic the Hedgehog?
When did Deng Xiaoping marry Zhang Xiyuan?
What is the February 17 time index that shows category March 2, 2018?
Who is the secretary general of Kuomintang
Which {has wards} of {county seat of} of {Florianópolis} ?
Who is the wife of Hank Azaria and where did they get married?
When did Culiacán Municipality become the administrative body in Zhongshan?
What is office contested for United States House of Representatives ?
Which satellite of Pollux is from the universe of the Star Trek multiverse?
Which {dynasty} of {is daughter of} of {Arsbold} ?
What is the taxon parent of "cassowary," which has a type of taxon that means "family?"
What is the amount of medical examinations for colorectal cancer?
What is Elizabeth Taylor's Munzinger IBA?
David O. Russell was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Writing, Original Screenplay for which of his works?
Which is the pKa for L-Phenylalanine?
Which high-voltage direct current power line has the highest voltage?
which  is carries scientific instrument of thermometer ?
When did Leopold Stokowski win the Grammy Trustees Award?
When was Shanghai twinned with Istanbul?
When did Max Born begin his education at the University of Wrocław?
Which  is notable work On Liberty ?
cricket is played of what field ?
When is {instance of} of {platinum} which is {followed by} is {gold} ?
Is Communism opposite of anti-communism?
Name a cation with strong interactions that starts with letter P
Which is the cultural region for the narrative location of Exodus?
What is the medical speciality of the cause of epilepric seizure?
What is birth place for starring of The 15:17 to Paris ?
Does Nintendo own Monolith Soft and Square Enix?
What is the political party for Francesc Macia i Llussa?
which civil code starts with c
Which is the military alliance which contains the word union in it's name?
Which is the DBLP ID of John von Neumann?
"Which name after Hamburger, has a twin city in Leon?"
What is the most common lethal dose of acetone
who birth date of written by of hungarian dances ?
when does the Jericho building open in Alessandra
What is Vote Smart ID for Al Franken?
Is Anthony Hopkins residence in Malibu?
How many episodes are there in American television sitcom?
Tell me play  whose name has the word wit
in it.
What is the work of the writers of Imidazole-containing N3S-NiII complexes relating to nickel containing biomolecules ?
Which association is headquartered in Aachen?
What is the category of films filmed in that place and also the category of associates of Belgrade?
How big is the Cliff Kill Site national park?
When was the party membership formed by Atal Bihari Vajpayee?
What language used to be kwown as Middle English contains the word "english" in its name ?
Was Xi Jinping a President of the People's Republic of China and Chairman of the Central Military Commission of Communist Party of China?
Are PricePanda and UCWeb subsidiary to Alibaba Group?
What is human population  topic  of history of the Dominican Republic ?
Tell me the sovereign state of Nowruz for public holiday
Does the vapor pressure of the isoamyl acetate equal 4?
Which is the video game that is distributed by Steam and starts with the letter z?
What Indian reservation region of Japan has diplomatic relations with Brazil?
In what year did Vanessa Redgrave receive the Tony Award for Best Address in a Play?
Plain text has what media type?
Who holds the world record form swimming in a pool?
Tell me the filmography of Jerry Lewis.
Tell me value whose name has the word beauty in it.
What prize is awarded to the family member of Ferenc Molnar?
Which music is studied by Kvinnan Bakom Allt?
Is Mary of Teck siblings with Alexander Cambridge, the 1st Earl of Athlone, and Prince Francis of Teck?
Name a subsidiary company that belongs to Melford Spiro
When was Pokemon nominated for a Kid's Choice Award for Favorite Cartoon?
What is challenging about Symphony No. 6?
To what constellation does HD 40307 f belong?
"Who is {parent} of {Artaxerxes III}, whose {denomination} is {Zoroastrianism} ?"
Which is the art museum that is the archive for Bauhaus?
Which performer plays the role of Count Dracula, the Nosferatu Vampyre?
Who is a member or employee of Innocent IV?
What is  in the databaseOlympics.com athlete ID of Bonnie Blair ?
What was Louis the Pious' noble title and who follows?
What is Getrude Stein's Poetry Society of America's poet ID?
For what role was Octavia Spencer nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress?
What is the craft of Patrick Henry, whose field of this craft is law.
Which is the number of elevators in the World Trade Center?
Is the autoignition temperature of acetone equal to 558.0?
Which is the federal state for the head of state Donald Trump?
How are Fernando Belaúnde Terry and Mariano A. Belaúnde related?
When did was Henry II of France the King of France?
What are the team which start with the letter s
Which is the basionym for Cannabis indica?
What is tributary of next to lake of Odessa Oblast ?
What is the name of the building where Mukeshi Ambani reside in?
The NDF-RT ID of chromium is...?
"Who has a designer in Amiga, that manufactures in Commodore PET?"
Which area is the Cremation of Role Model C.S.Lewis?
William Blake had how many patrons?
Is it true that the mass of Altair equals to 1.7?
When was Alfonso II of Asturias' occupation of King of Asturias came to an end?
Is Jessica Lange American?
How many people have been educated and taught by Jagadish Chandra Bose?
which office building with the highest floors above ground whose instance is skyscraper?
What is the time zone in Apulia that is standard time?
Which is the teacher of the tribute to Christ Church?
Which is Nikkaji ID for salicylic acid?
What is the geography of the planet, Mars?
who magic spell in Harry Potter for present in work of Harry Potter?
What what is chemical element has affected by tin poisoning and also which starts with letter t
Is the FSB speed of the Pentium D 945 equal to 800?
What is Philippine Standard Geographic Code for Angeles?
Is it true that the number of injured of 2013 Valdresekspressen hijacking equals to 1.2?
who record  of sports long jump?
What is the person in the portrait of an equestrian statue of Joan of Arc guilty of?
The controlled-access highway is part of what highway system?
Which place is called the sister city of Modenca which has  counties in Huanren Manchu Autonomous county?
Where in Hertfordshire did John Walter work?
Is the speed of the Westernland more or less than 12?
Is the 2009 British and Irish Lions tour to South Africa's number of losses equal to 2?
What is pronunciation audio of nut that is language of work or name is Ukrainian ?
Is it true that the magnification of TZF 5d equals to 1.92?
What is {played} and {informed} by {Christian cross} ?
Traditional Chinese characters are used by which written language?
When did Sardinia become part of Province of Ogliastra?
Which university first described the binary search tree?
What was the murder method of Eve Arden, which could involve the lower gastrointestinal series in possible examinations?
Who was the previous film producer of Aske?
What aspects of the history of Christianity has proponents?
What is the main socket type of the sovereign state of Yantai?
What is the locality of Ecstasy of Saint Theresa which is part of ancient Rome?
Did Woodrow Wilson have a child with Margaret Woodrow Wilson?
Which {typology} of {language native} of {Pink} ?
What is the performer and occupation of Merlin
Which is the NATO code for grade of lieutenant general?
What was the year Pedro Pablo Kuczynski had his last citizenship of the United States of America?
What is the ethnicity and position of the team and Michael Jordan's specialty?
What service is offered and operated by the ANA Mileage Club?
What is the active ingredient in diazepam?
Is 2047 Smetana's orbital period equal to 2.56?
Which is the OMIM ID for acromegaly?
What book is the orbit of Rigel from ?
In what year did Quentin Tarantino receive an Edgar Award?
How many head coaches are there for Borussia Dortmund?
How many significant events involved John Paul II?
What position did Jean-Baptiste Colbert hold that was replaced by Claude Le Peletier?
For which sports team did Stanley Matthews play and in how many matches did he compete?
What volume of quantity declared as world ocean?
What is the driving side of Estonia?
When did Stanley Matthews leave the Blackpool F.C. team?
When did Edward Norton Lorenz receive the Buys Ballot Medal?
How many are followed by the Kingdom of Georgia?
Who is the author of Nicholas I of Russia?
What type of business does Nintendo work on?
WHICH IS THE VOTING ROUND WITH THE MAXIMUM NUMBER OF BLANK VOTES
When did Rhône-Alpes become the twin city of Shanghai ?
Where is the liver located?
Which means {depicted by} inTestudines} ?
what is the unit with the greatest whose i dontg know
Did Tom Hanks attend California State University in Sacramento?
Fly Agaric belongs to what taxonomic type?
Which is the Cadw Building ID of the Britannia Bridge?
Was Sandy Dennis nominated in the Academy Awards for Best Supporting Actress?
When was Ashdod replaced by Zvi Zilker as the head of government?
What is the WTA id for Steffi Graf?
What is the highest point in Paris?
Is War and Peace both a sentimental novel and a war novel?
What is the mother tongue of Tyagaraja whose typology is the agglutimother tongue?
Which subitem of Alaskan history has villages in the Northwest Arctic Borough?
What are the social service which start with the letter s
What is in the local government area of Bass Strait that has the capital town of Hobart?
What is Rijksmuseum's Wi-Fi?
What is the disease with the shortest incubation period in humans that was originally described in the Armenian Soviet Encyclopedia?
What role did Niccolò Machiavelli play as a leader and historical figure?
How many linguistic typology for Japanese?
Tell me about the locations of important events leading to the fall of the Soviet Union.
Is {University of Cambridge} {subsidiary} {Department of Physics, University of Oxford} and {Department of Chemistry, University of Oxford} ?
What are the coordinates of the geographic center of Washington, D.C.?
Is Jared Leto's given name Joseph?
Is Akbar's child Prince Daniyal and Khanum Sultan Begum?
What is the least gini coefficient of the dominion of the British Empire ?
What are the ethnic group which start with the letter z
What is the JPL Small-Body Database ID for 10 Hygiea
Which is genetic association of bulimia that of determination method is Genome-wide association study ?
Tell me the  type of kinship for Edward VI of England has sibling as Elizabeth I of England ?
Which supplementary intercardinal direction has maximum position angle?
What was George Michael nominated for with his song Faith?
Who is the film producer of Stayin' Alive that has honors in the Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award?
What is the ISCO occupation code for chemical plant?
Did Michael Fassbender understand any romantic languages?
Which is the Operone composer ID for Vincenzo Bellini?
What nation has shires of Mikhail Gorbachev?
Who is Cravo Albin of Gilberto Gil?
Is it true Scientology headquarters location Gold Base?
What characters play supporting roles in The Man Without Qualities?
the CN of peoples daily is?
What is the culture of Jayadaman's daughter?
In what year did Marine Le Pen become a member of the Rassemblement Bleu Marine?
Vladimir Lenin is the head of government for what organization?
What is the smallest village in Bernried?
What is next lower rank of consul ?
When did David Cameron, First Lord of the Treasury, begin his position?
Which nuclear isomer that is an isotope of indium has the highest atomic number ?
Who is the partner of James Joyce?
Which is {principle office} of {member of party} of {Zhang Zuolin} ?
What are the  airline which start with the letter pan
Who has the greatest number of victories with a name of Zaur?
What is Florida Sports Hall of Fame athlete ID for Payne Stewart ?
Which office is held by the Assam government leader?
Which is the Debrett's People of Today ID of Sebastian Faulks?
What location is Beauty and the Beast set in, that is a rural city in the Midi-Pyrenees?
Which is the game of skill which contains the word tidllywinks in it's name?
What is the audio pronunciation of Litchi chinensis in German language?
At what time has Allan Nevins received the Bancroft Prize ?
Which country is Wellington located?
What are the weapons of the followers of Kali?
Which is the chemical monomer composition of polypropylene?
who is outcome of died of Nikolai Golgol?
Is the number of registered users/contributors of Arabic Wikipedia less than 1852275.6?
Which high school(s) are located in Milwaukee?
What is the date of the winter solstice?
Name the year and the place on which Marilyn Monroe married to Joe DiMaggio
What is the Munzinger Sport number for Alex Ferguson?
who was the partner of Jean-Luc Godard?
Is Myocardial infarction treated with the medication Labetalol and a Kazal-type serine protease inhibitor domain?
"Who is {tutor} of {Luke Skywalker}, which has {pupil} is {Ki-Adi-Mundi} ?"
The 3rd African Movie Academy Awards was succeeded by which TV presenter?
What animated character's identity is also known as Superman?
When did Miklós Horthy and Magdolna Purgly divorce?
What are the war which start with the letter w
What is the thickness of Rosetta Stone?
who place of filming of described by work of david levinson} ?
In what year was Edward Heath elected to the 47th Parliament of the United Kingdom?
What are the science which start with the letter t
What is the subitem of the history of Morocco, which has diplomatic relation to Russia?
What is named for gauss whose member is Russian Academy of Sciences?
What is the geographical region of Shikoku where the Albion River is located?
Which is the transliteration for Guangzhou Metro?
what is the {start time} for {Bob Fulton} who {member of sports team} as {Australia national rugby league team} ?
Which is the IDLH of osmium tetroxide?
What town was Nikolai Vavilov born in?
What is the track listing for the successor of Highway 61 Revisited?
Is it true that the color index of the Nu1 Sagittarii equals to 1.43?
Leprosy is treated by which medication?
Name a person involved in World War II
Which is the Ethnologue.com code for Hungarian?
Was Michael Jackson influenced by Fred Astaire?
What is the trademark of Barcelona, and where is their headquarters located?
Who has diplomatic relations with the state of News of the World?
Who are the students of Lee Strasberg whose death place is Westport?
Which is the Elite Prospects staff ID of Jaromír Jágr?
Who died in Montreal?
What differs from Commedia dell'arte that has the theatre season in the 16th century?
Which municipality in Sweden has the least number of employees?
What is Ericaceae's Watson & Dallwitx family ID?
What is the layout of the Afghanistan coat of arms?
When did the Kabul Shahi dynasties rule over the land now known as Istanbul?
Who is the actor in the narrative of Gregory House?
Which is the motto text of New Jersey?
Was Monica Lewinsky educated at the Lycee Francais de Los Angeles?
When did Philadelphia become capital of the USA?
which is the point in time for hannah arendt has academic degree as doctoral degree?
Which space station has completed maximum orbits?
Who is the chairperson for Emil du Bois-Reymond
Which is OKPD2 code of the good or service for tomato juice?
Is Kristen Stewart an actress?
What is the name given to the border between Oklahoma and Kansas?
Which is the accreditation for European Parliament?
When did Javier Perez de Cuiellar become the UN Secretary-General?
When was Klemens von Metternich of Cathrine Bagration of mother of child?
What what is animated nonprofit organization distributed by MGM and English
Which is the doctoral adviser for Samuel Flagg Bemis?
Which is PictoRight ID-Droit de suite of Pablo Picasso ?
Is it true that the spin quantum number of zinc-75 equals to 0?
What languages does Kenneth Tynan speak?
What is the orbital inclination of Triton?
What is part  series of successor of The Dinner Party ?
Which is the Perlentaucher ID of Anthony Trollope?
When did James V of Scotland begin his position as Monarch of Scotland?
Who inhabits the administrative headquarters of Spanish East Indies?
What is the gamma-ray burst with the farthest distance from Earth?
Who is the {city} for {twinned administrative body} of {Hamburg}
Which day and what are the traditional foods of Thanksgiving?
Where was Kristen Stewart born and where is her citizenship?
Is the Sandbox-Quantity from December 16 less than 12.8
Which is the hotel designed by architect Frank Gehry?
Is the river head a tributary of the Yellow River?
Who is worshipped in Arabian mythology?
"What is {temporal range end} of {Triceratops}, which has {sequel of} is {Campanian} ?"
Who did Gwyneth Paltrow marry in Southern California?
What is the MSW ID of the clouded leopard?
When did educated at of Sheryl Sandberg and academic major?
In what year did Miguel Ángel Revilla become President of Cantabria?
Were Karachi and Kunming adminstrators of Kolkata?
Name a town sharing a border with Ottawa.
When did Hugh Griffith graduate from the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art?
What are the languages spoken by Matthew Perry whose AWLD status is 1 safe?
What position was H. H. Asquith elected to?
How many characters are there on Sesame Street?
When were the Red Hot Chili Peppers nominated for America's Favorite Alternative Music Award Artist?
Which country contained the library of the Roman Empire?
How much time in a given Edo period?
how many habitats does varanus komodoensis have?
What a ketone that begins with the letter p
What is University of Barcelona's authority id for Zhu De?
What was the name of the reward that John Cleese received for his work "A Fish Called Wanda"?
What is Valery Giscard d'Estaig's French National Assembly ID?
What is the mother tongue of Marie Curie, that has free order language typology?
What is subsidiary company of Bob Iger ?
Which is the film with Tōhō as production company and whose name contains the word yojimbo?
Which Roman deity corresponds to Apollo?
Is it true that median lethal concentration of allyl glycidyl ether is equal to 670?
What is the birth place of Blackbeard, that is in the region of Avon?
Which is the JudoInside.com ID for Fedor Emelianenko?
When did Sharon Stone divorce from Michael Greenburg?
What position that applies to jurisdiction in Rome?
When did the marriage of Mary of Teck and George V end?
Who gave the  {specialism} of {service branch} of {Antonio Cantore} ?
Where is Gilda Radner buried?
Which human has the highest Erdos number?
What is Hakuho Sho's Japan Sumo Association ID?
Was Tony_Blair religion Melkite Greek Catholic Church and Anglicanism?
Did the American Civil War have a catagory of associated people by the name of People of the American Civil War?
What location near Palazzolo Acreide did Archimedes die?
Which is a quote from Wilhelm von Humboldt?
What is the diplomatic relation of Peyton Manning's nationality?
who  is the child of bernie ecclestone?
What is the Wikimedia category for staff of the New York University organization?
What is the inscription on the Bal du moulin de la Galette?
What chapter of your edition does Hamlet start on?
Who is the human director of Forrest Gump?
is the hydraulic head of Nore II power plant greater than 80.0?
n/a
Who  is discoverer  of musical instrument of Sidney Bechet ?
Name a song composed by Michael Jackson that contains the word "world " in its name
What is the office held by the head of government and who is the head of state?
What are the first principle which start with the letter s
Who developed Structured Query Language?
Name a territorial entity that starts with letter Z
Which is the Dictionary of Algorithms and Data Structures ID for subset?
"What is topic of history of South America, that has has wards is Ecuador ?"
Who is the contestant of the famous works by John Bell?
When did Diego Rivera and Angelina Beloff get divorced?
Who is the writer of Les Chevaliers de la Table ronde?
When was Halle (Saale) a Soviet occupation zone?
What is the culture of Seljuk dynasty having first language as Turkic languages?
Which is a sports discipline competed in weightlifting?
Which is the InChlKey for zinc chloride?
On the shore of Rabat, what has a tributary of Mystic River?
What is the tributary of the harbour of Duisburg ?
What are the physical constant which start with the letter w
Tell me which is the ice age which contains the word age in it's name?
Tell me reform whose name has the word reform in it.
Did the Knights Templar conflict in the Battle of Arsuf and the Battle of the Puig?
Is Venom the partner of Spider Man?
Who gave the {subject} of {part of work} of {Sexual reproduction in Aspergillus tubingensis from section Nigri.} ?
What is the last name of Carlos Vives, whose language is Spanish?
Which of the work of Rodin is significant?
What is informed by playing A Brand New Day?
What genre and record label do The Beach Boys belong to?
What single is part of hard rocks current work?
Which is the Architectuurgids architect ID for Marcel Breuer?
how many cultures does enil have?
Is it true that Harshvardhan Kapoor and Rhea Kapoor were the sons of Anil Kapoor?
What is the main topic of the Einstein-Rosen metric about?
Which is the Movieplayer character ID for Cuba Gooding Jr. ?
What is Jeffrey Archer's position in the 46th United Kingdom Parliament?
What is the Open Hub ID of Bitcoin?
What part of Ireland's history includes the Nuclear Suppliers Group?
What is the home venue of the New York Yankees?
Where did Pedro Almodovar win Best Writing, Original Screenplay?
WHICH IS THE LIKNED DATSA STRUCTURE THAT STARTS WITH I
How does Le Figaro make his money?
was wolfgang amadeus mozart given birth to in Salzburg?
The Gardener is employed by who?
What is in the district of Nord-Pas-de-Calais whose member is International Hydrographic Organization?
When did Gustav Stresemann stop being the Chancellor of Germany?
Is the combustion enthalpy of the graphite equal 393.5?
When was Things Fall Apart published in English?
Who are the founders of the seat of Guinness?
What are the operation which start with the letter p
What is the diplomatic relation of the African Union?
When did Louis XI of France become King of France?
what type of wood name starts with the letter z
Tell me which fictional duck contains the word webby in it's name?
tell me that automobile manufacturer which contains the word zongshen name in it
when did lyudmila zubovich tenure as the head of government of barnaul come to an end?
What did David Lean get nominated for at the 57th Academy Awards?
Which is SIKART ID for Hans Holbein the Elder?
When did the marriage between Maya Plisetskaya and Māris Liepa end?
Which abandoned hamlet has the largest number of houses?
What is in the  ABA bird ID of Anas clypeata ?
What is the dwarf spheroidal galaxy of the Andromeda Galaxy?
What is the occupation of Harry Hinsley?
Which is the parent astronomical body for Tarantula Nebula?
Who gave the {bordered by} of {basin countries} of {Elbe} ?
Which is NAQ elected person ID for Alexander Mackenzie?
How many connectors does Nintendo Switch have?
What characters in Lolita have roles as minor characters?
What public holiday in Norway starts with the letter "p"?
What are the legal profession which start with the letter s
Which Class IB flammable liquid has maximum partition coefficient water/octanol?
Who was the Forrest Gump actor who was nominated for Best Actor at the Academy Awards?
For what film did Michael Douglas win an Academy Award for Best Picture?
When  did Samuel Eliot Morison receive his Pulitzer Prise for Biography and Autobiography?
Tell me iba official cocktail whose name has the word vesper in it.
who happens in of school attended of amy bloom ?
Tell me about the Wikimedia duplicate article about Barack Obama.
Which is the ARLIMA ID for lexicon?
Which is the birth house of the place of birth of Rachel Carson?
How many scientific Instruments are there for {Hubble Space Telescope} ?
"Which is {first described} of {Sombrero Galaxy}, where {member of} is {Accademia Nazionale delle Scienze detta dei XL} ?"
who landscape of work of william gell?
What is the GrassBase ID of Secale cereale?
What is the polymer of ethylene?
When was the first performance of Lohengrin that had Karl Beck?
What city, birthplace of Jonah Peretti, has divided into the Commonwealth of the Philippines?
Which is the mausoleum which contains the word zuihōden in it's name?
Who paints a broken role model?
Who is the elected for James Callaghan has position held as Member of the 47th Parliament of the United Kingdom?
When did data set  for  significant event of Nicolas Sarkozy?
Which is the book illustrated by Beatrix Potter?
WhO is holding of owns of Tesco?
Is the illiterate population of Shyamsundarpur equal to 0?
What is Jonny Wilkinson's rugby ID?
Which statistician is the Nyquist-Shannon sampling theorem named after?
Is Sridevi a language of Marathi?
Which is the feast day for Saints Cyril and Methodius?
Who founded Commodore 64?
Did Ivanka Trump host a tv show?
What is approved by the Iraq War?
Tell me me a media player whose name consist of the word "woman" and whose readable file format iTunes Music Library, binary variant itunes
IS THE KINEMATIC VISCOSITY OF THE WATER GREATER THAN 0.012144
Cathedral of Christ the Saviour was replaced by what structure?
How many patron saints are in Poland?
Are the number of parts in the work of art the Madama Butterfly 2?
How many mothers did Eros have?
Tell me National Historic Trail  whose name has the word trail in it.
Is 0 the opposite of 0?
Which is the Box Office Mojo franchise ID of The Lord of the Rings trilogy?
Give me a name of hypostasis, which starts with an alphabet 'h'.
Is the ultimate tensile strength of nylon equal to 40?
What is the KKBOX artist ID for Big Bang?
Who gave the{deepest point} of {endemism} of {Guibemantis tornieri} ?
When did Mika Brzezinski start working for MSNBC?
What award did Matti Nykanen receive as a Ski Jumper in the 1984 Winter Olympics at Normal Hill?
What is the wikibase:geoLongitude that comes from netball?
When did Robert M. Follette end his position as Governor of Wisconsin?
What record is held by Renaud Lavillenie and where?
Which film was Sergei Eisenstein a director of?
Was Reese Witherspoon influenced by Julia Roberts?
when did the Italo-Turkish war end?
Where is the place of burial and the place of death of Rollo?
Is it true that the total equity of Apple is less than 85717600000.0?
What is epigraphy's business division?
What are the single which start with the letter way
Who is the child of the sister of Louis, Dauphin of France, Duke of Guyenne?
What is the {satellite} of the {star} {Triton}?
Which is the university and college sports club that represents Georgia Institute of Technology?
What is the latest software version of PHP?
Give me an university that starts with 'V' and has Carnegie Classification of Institutions of Higher Education, that is also an Doctoral University with highest research activity.
What country has the word "States" in its name?
Where did William Jones from the British Raj die?
Was Alan Alda nominated for a Tony Award for Best Actor in a Play and a Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Featured Actor in a Play?
Which archipelagic state has the highest age of majority?
Which is the office held by head of the organization of the mayor?
Tell me fictional detective whose name has the word sam in it.
Is the metallicity of the Messier 62 less than -0.944?
Which is the density of malathion?
Who is the child of Charles Martel, who also has a brother called Remigius of Rouen?
What is the Fussballdaten ID of Franz Beckenbauer?
When did Tel Aviv become the twin city of Łódź ?
What is the {Christian name} of {Vasco Núñez de Balboa}, that has {language of website} is {Portuguese} ?"
What is the LBT person ID for Epaminondas?
Which edition of The Raven is in Russian?
Which   stable versions of operating system of Skype ?
What role did Lance Reddick play in "The Wire"?
Which means{has part}  from {Indian Ocean} ?
Where was Elizabeth Ann Seton buried?
which uniformed search that contains the word first in their name
Who is Sean Hannity's employer and who is his spouse?
UNICEF is founded by what international parliament?
Which manuscript collection contains manuscripts from the University of Pennsylvania?
Which Rigid belt sander model consumes the most electricity?
Which geographic region is located in a terrain feature of East Asia?
When did Brian De Palma and Gale Anne Hurd divorce?
Can you speak Vanuatu?
Who composed 'The Virginian, Season 2'?
Which is the Chess Games ID of Emanuel Lasker?
n/a
When did Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono's term as President of Indonesia end?
Was Daniel Radcliffe a Roman Catholic?
Who is the {landmark} for {official residence} of {Parthian Empire}
what is the length of the coastline of norway?
What is {based on} and the {named after} of {Watt} ?
Name a newscast program that contains the word " weather" in its name
Which is the Webb-site person ID for Sheldon Adelson?
who formed at of faith of imam ?
What continent is Melanesia located on?
Who is Casey Affleck's brother and son?
tell me island starts with z
When did Futurama receive the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Animated Program?
What is legislated by European Parliament?
Where is Kura River as river source?
Who is the writer of Capitalism and Freedom who holds position as president?
Who received the Grammy Award for Best R & B Song with Jay-Z?
What is the aircraft family with the highest time to altitude whose instance of is aircraft family?
Which television show did Ellen DeGeneres create?
whats the MotoGP racer ID of Giacomo Agostini?
What was the death place of Max Miedinger, which was divided into District 7?
What are the system of units which start with the letter u
Which twin city of San Francisco has the district Songjiang?
What title does Ashot I of Armenia have  that is listed in the main article of list?
What football team does Clarence Seedorf play for?
Which is {county seat of} {workplace} of {Hans Bellmer} ?
Who is the person for the veganism lifestyle?
Which is WIPO ST.3 for South Korea?
which internet standard starts with the letter u
Which is a protected heritage site in Brussels ID of Manneken Pis?
What is the death cause of the characters of Troades ?
Which anatomical structure connects with the stomach?
when was pharaoh replaced by tutankhamon?
Which is the animated series for voice author Sarah Silverman?
How many chief executive officers does Walmart have?
DOES THE ELECTRICAL CONDUCTIVITY OF BERYLLIUM EQUALS 30000000.0
Who is the mother and the spouse of Ganesha?
Tell me civil parish  whose name has the word winmarleigh  in it.
What is the universe of the boyfriend of Minnie Mouse ?
What republic does George Weah live in?
Which is the EU transparency register ID for German National Library?
Where is the headquarters located for the Hong Kong publisher?
Does the GDP (PPP) of japan equal to 5175259447160.43?
Which anthem is William Blake known for?
Name the stratovolcano of highest topographic prominence in the South American continent.
tell me literary character first appearance Action Comics #1 starts with s
wich means{PictoRight ID code}at {Marcel Duchamp} ?
WHO PLAYED THE AIRCRAFT CARRIED BY COOK?
Which is the country for sport of Windward Islands?
What is the futsal league with the highest sports league level whose league level above is Futsal-Liiga ?
For what reason Imran Khan was elected as chancellor?
Tell me taxation whose name has the word sam in it.
What is the twin city of Nanning whose location in the administrative territorial entity is Carinthia?
Was Vanessa Paradis ever romantically involved with either Benjamin Biolay or Samuel Benchetrit?
Oprah Winfrey is the host of which television series?
What voiceless alveolar consonant has the highest IPA number order ?
Tell me alternative medical treatment whose name has the word therapy in it.
How many production designers are for the {The Wizard of Oz} ?
Is Major depressive disorder a genetic association SCN1B and ENOX1
What are the state of Mexico which start with the letter z
Who is the spouse of Henry I of France and where did they get married?
when is the {end time} for {Johnny Hallyday} who has {spouse} as {Babeth Étienne} ?
what is legal case that starts with w
Which is the Daum movie ID of Chinatown?
Who replaced Max Aitken of 1st Baron Beaverbrook as the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster?
Which position held by Auguste Beernaert that was replaced by Theophile de Lantsheere?
What is Édouard Baldus' Kunstindeks Danmark Artist ID?
How is Sebastian Loeb identified on Juwra.com?
What is the cable-stayed bridge with the lowest clearance whose country is France?
Who is the inventor/ discoverer of paper bag and have death place as Framingham ?
What language does David Seymour speak?
Which are the lyrics by Luis Fonsi?
Which passenger ship has the longest draft?
Whats JPMorgan Chase's Japanese Corporate Number?
What is significant of songwriter of My Way ?
"What's not the same as rolling, but is also manufactured from metal?"
What is Wine AppDB-Identification gateway.
WHOSE POTRAIT WAS SUCCEEDED BY JUAN GABRIEL CON MARIACHI II
Which Spanish road leads to Seville?
Who is the{film} for {characters} of {Wyatt Earp}
What is the executive branch of the citizens of Zhang Ziyi?
Who signed the Declaration of Independence?
David Beckham is a member of what sports team and how many matches has he played?
What is the significant landmark in the capital of the Achaemenid Empire?
What is the title of American Airlines' in-flight magazine?
Who is the founder of Fox Broadcasting Company and has a seat in New York City?
Was Joseph Goebbels an European American demagogue?
who is excavation director of Assur ?
What is the musical instrument used in the painting of Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II - An 80th Birthday Portrait?
When did John Major stopped being a Member of the 50th Parliament of the United Kingdom?
Is the luminous intensity of the Eddystone lighthouse more than 31440.0?
Tell me wine color whose name has the word wine in it
what is missionary society that contains the word society in their name
Tell me mythical creature whose name has the word seka in it.
How much did V. S. Naipaul win for the Nobel Prize in Literature?
Which is the medication used to treat inflammation?
Which organization is Abu Musab al-Zarqawir allied with?
Which is the natural product of taxon for artichoke?
Which is the brand for Daimler AG?
Who is the {mausoleum} for {commissioned by} of {Qin Shi Huang}
What is the heat capacity of water?
What is the ID for Carl Linnaeus for the Swedish National Archive?
Which is the Vlinderstichting-ID of Danaus plexippus?
Tell me independent city of Germany whose name has the word zweibrucken in it
What is the Geni.com profile ID for Edward III of England?
What is in the category of The Lord of the Rings trilogy?
Is the speed limit of the Netherlands equal to 50?
Game of Thrones is set in what fictional place?
During which time did Odilon Redo work at Amsterdam?
Where is the deathplace of Sergie Bodrov, Jr. that borders the Karbardino-Balkar Republic?
Who is the Soviet Union's head of state?
What is the prefecture of Hiroshima in Japan ?
Do the century breaks of Billy Snaddon amount to 20.8?
what is military decoration that contains the word war in their name
What aspect of history is affiliated with the study of Psychology?
What is the gender and sexual orientation of Stephen Fry?
What is located in Western Ghats that has the same administrative divisions of the Ramanathapuram district?
What is PLU Code of guava ?
What was the anthem of Nazi Germany?
Was Odin owner of Fenrir and Gungnir?
Who gave the{citation} of {mentioned in} of {John Seward} ?
Who lives on the shore of Richard Dawkins?
Who wrote the notable book, The Bigmoon Nights?
What gold medal award did Pete Townhend get?
Tell me aircraft functional class whose name has the word twinjet in it.
Has the Pluto's object contributors to the creative work as Shamus Culhane?
What medication is used to treat anthrax?
Was Liver studied by evolution and hepatology?
What are the anatomical structure that contains the word vagina in their name
Name the film that takes place in Los Angeles
What are the coordinate locations of the Angara River mouth?
What is the human spaceflight with the lowest apoapsis whose location of landing is Kazakhstan ?
What is the film of the musical score of String Quartets, Op. 76?
When did Sarah Palin end her education at North Idaho College?
What are the controversy which start with the letter M
Who is the person that was influenced by Richard Dawkins?
Name the web search engine that contains the word yatedo in their name
What Hanseatic city is the twinned administrative body of Leeds?
Where did Robert Wise die, sister city is Makati?
WHERE IS PATRON SAINT OF PLACE OF RESIDENCE OF JULIUS CAESAR?
Do {archaeology}  includes the {history of topic} {history of technology} and {history of technology in Ukraine} ?
Who translated One Hundred Years of Solitude
For what work was Aaron Copland nominated for Academy Award for Best Score, Adaption, or Treatment?
When was Eileen Heckart nominated for a Tony Award for Best Featured Actress in a Play?
Which is the RollDaBeats artist ID for Goldie?
What is the birthplace of Oleg Nikolaenko, the sequel of which is Transcaucasian Socialist Federative Soviet Republic?
Which is indirectly caused by the disease treatment with phentolamine?
Which is the anatomical branch of trachea?
What are the reform which start with the letter r
Where is the border of São Paulo, that has an executive branch with a cabinet of the governor of the state of Parana?
What is the empire that follows the Roman Empire?
What is the board game publisher of the fork of Miyamoto Musashi ?
Who is the curator of Ai Weiwei?
Tell me the software company whose stock exchange is Tokyo Stock Exchange and which that starts with the letter n
Tell me the genre that contains the word yike in their name
What is the famous bridge upstream from the Sydney Harbour Bridge?
What is the river that flows through Nizhny Novgorod
What ethnic group does Kid Cudi belong to and what is his country of citizenship?
What generic association is Asperger syndrome to determine the method of TAS?
Which {plant taxon in botanical garden} is {located in} of {Gao Gao} ?
Is the number of masts for the Vieux Crabe equal to 2?
What is RSL scanned book's identifier for The Jungle Book ?
What is worshiped by Ganesha?
How many significant people are there in power?
What 3D film did David Spade voice act in?
Which unit of time starts with the letter "y" and measures physical quantity or duration?
How many sports are for Jim Thorpe?
Who directed The Birth of a Nation?
What Academy Award was F. Murray Abraham nominated for?
What item was increased at the Drive-in?
Does Mao Zedong has health problem of ICD-9-CM?
What is the local dialing code for Melbourne?
What are the book series which start with the letter w
What award did Jennifer Connelly receive for A Beautiful Mind?
Which play is named after David Bowie?
where died Frédéric Auguste Bartholdi, that has district is neighborhood of the future?
How long has Bob Hawke been married to Hazel Hawke?
What textile fibre starts with the letter "w"?
Which is the princely state of the British Raj for the capital of Thiruvananthapuram?
When was the relationship between Jenna Jameson and Brad Armstrong came to an end?
What are the Tilastopaja login credentials for Jonathon Edwards?
Which protein synthesis inhibitor results in type I hypersensitivity?
tell  me black-body radiation that name has  the word hawking in it
In what did Augustus participate?
where is the educated at and position played on team / speciality of Michael_Jordan
Who works for Vint Cerf that has an executive director named Thomas J. Watson?
Which is the HNI person or institution ID for Rem Koolhaas?
HOW MUCH OF SCHOOL CHILDREN IN THE CONTINENT OF GOZO
Is the focal height of the Irish Quay Lighthouse 4.0?
Which armored car has produced the most armored cars?
Which is the academic major for Urban VIII?
What is named by pi ?
Who has replaced as General Secretary of the Communist Party of Vietnam in Ho Chi Minh city?
What branch of the United States Armed Forces was Charles Wayland Brooks part of?
Who is the favorite player of US Army service branch?
Who gave the{displacement} of {built from} of {wire} ?
Which is the {country of origin} and the {language of work or name} of {Of_Mice_and_Men} ?
What is a vested interest of the shareholders of GNU Savannah?
How many instruments does Moby play?
Does the embodied energy of concrete equals 0.888?
Is 7 the Mohs' hardness of the amethyst?
What sovereign state is Levant a location or terrain feature of?
What civic building contains the word house in its name?
Sputnik 1 has what orbital period?
What is the end time for The Storm on the Sea of Galilee at the Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum?
What movie did Katina Paxinou win an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for?
How many postal code for New York City?
How many are located in or next to a body of water around Moscow?
What is the deal in the village of Western Cape, having a diplomatic relation with the United Kingdom?
What's the position held of Éamon de Valera for parliamentary term 4th Dail?
Which cooperative bank has the most employees?
What is half-life of technetium-99m ?
Which is the ISQ dimension for energy?
sdgdfghdsfhg
Who was married to Joseph Lyons and when did it end?
Name the sibling of Loretta Lynn.
What are the municipality of Brazil which start with the letter óbidos
What are the private university which start with the letter u
When was John D Rockefeller Jr. the spouse of Martha Baird?
Which  is officeholder of Earl Warren ?
What is the orbital inclination of the Kepler?
Which is the aircraft registration prefix for French Guiana?
Which house from error1 is the shortest
Is 1.6 the minimum number of Carcassonne players?
Which combustible powder has the least fusion enthalpy?
What film is a prequel of "Goal III: Taking on the World"?
Who replaced Benjamin Harrison as President of the United States?
What is the field of study of the journal that published "Safety of enteral naloxone for the reversal of opiate-induced constipation in the intensive care unit"?
Is the illiterate population of Nischintapur 0?
Other than "Two Hundred Years Together", what else has The Gulag Archipelago written?
What artistic genre is the portrait of Christ when he appear to the disciples by the sea of Tiberias?
What is in the category of Mongolia?
Which is the EUTA theatre ID of Konzerthaus Berlin?
Who gave the{reason of failure} of {notable event} of {Alan Blumlein} ?
What agent makes use of communication?
Who gave the{provenance} of {exchange} of {Six Flags} ?
Is the account charge / subscription fee of the Centurion Card 3000?
Which sculpture has the highest horizontal depth?
What is the Cathedral of the Diocese of Florence?
What is the Georgia Sports Hall of Fame ID for Edwin Moses?
Why has Lupita Nyong'o been awarded with the Acedemy Award for Best Supporting Actress?
Is Commonwealth War Graves Comission a subsidiary of Commonwealth of Nations?
When did Cuiaba become part of Mato Grosso ?
What is a Whopper made of?
Which is the historical country that uses Japanese Yen as currency?
Did Vienna copy the twin administrative body of Budapest and Ljubljana?
Which is the ski-db.com skier ID for Ingemar Stenmark?
Laniakea Supercluster is the site of astronomical discovery?
What is the Class IB flammable liquid with the highest standard enthalpy of formation whose physically interacts with is Potassium inwardly-rectifying channel, subfamily J, member 5 ?
What is Naresuan's GDP based on the purchasing power parity?
What is the Irritant with the highest electrical conductivity whose instance of is Class II combustible liquid ?
In which krai is Volgograd located?
What's the CPI for the LOFAR headquarters.
Tell me the mausoleum commissioned by Shah Jahan and whose name contains the word mahal?
What is the diplomatic relation performed by the F-16 Fighting Falcon?
When did Tanaquil Le Clercq divorce George Balanchine?
What is the language of the Cantonese?
When did Pearl S. Buck receive an award in the National Women's Hall of Fame?
Which census population method was used to determine the Region of Valparaiso?
What is the geography of Chicago like?
Tell me business whose name has the word vodafone in it.
Which dwarf planet has the highest longitude of ascending node?
Does the port of the Remote Desktop Protocol equal to 3389
Who is the sidekick of Batman?
What would be the diplomatic relation of matter in the Chinese economy?
Which is the category for people born in Dubai?
What is the controversy surrounding the defendant of Hillary Clinton?
Who is related to Barry Bonds?
What is the GuideStar Israel organization ID of the National Library of Israel?
What city in Baraga County was Ann Rule born in?
who is the significant person of mark zuckerberg?
What political party and home country is Roger Ailes?
What is Kesha's native language and country of citizenship?
What is the apoapsis of Amalthea?
In the German Democratic Republic, who is the head of state?
Was Jude_Law partner Ruth Wilson?
What is DNF film ID for Amélie?
did halle berry received the award of monster's ball?
Who is the spouse of the bride?
Which is the title of chess player for Magnus Carlsen?
tell me procedural programming language starts with v
"Which is {hometown} of {Alan Arkin}, whose {partner city} is {Podgorica} ?"
For what film was Sam Rockwell nominated for the Academy Award for best supporting actor?
Name the book that includes the character of Anna Karenina and that starts with letter A
who member o of land of bicol region ?
Are the drugs used for the treatment of Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder amitriptyline and dexmethylphenidate?
What honors does Peter Ustinov hold?
What are the American football team which start with the letter vikings
Is the{age of majority} on  {Monaco} {equals} {21}
IS THE BOILER PRESSURE OF LNWR 18 INCH TANK CLASS EQUALS TO 120.0
What is the noble title of Gediminas and who was he followed by?
What is SpeedskatingResults.com speed skater ID for Johann Olav Koss?
Who is Tyler Perry's executive producer?
Do you know that Stiftung that was founded by the late Ingvar Kamprad?
WHO IS THE FIRST PRIME MINISTER MEDIATISED TO THE PRESIDENCY OF SALVADOR ALLENDE
Is Mexico the country in the Day of the Dead?
What does schizoid personality disorder exclude?
What was Kathryn Bigelow nominated for during her work in The Hurt Locker?
When Joseph Freiherr von Eichendorff ended to be the spouse with Aloysia von Eichendorff?
is it true that the apoapsis of the 6635 Zuber is equal to 2.5188?
What is Cucumis melo plant world online  ID ?
What mountain is the highest point in Chongqing?
What is the parent company of Viktor Yanukovych's  political party?
What is an exclave in Alaska?
What did Debbie Reynolds receive a nomination for a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Guest Actress in a Comedy Series for?
What is the home port of Kuala Lumpur
Is the focal height of Klumpudden 5?
Is cattle a source of beef and cowpox?
Was P. T. Barnum's place of birth Bethel?
For what role did Jeremy Irons receive an Academy Award for Best Actor?
What is working language of California Institute of Technology that has grammatical  person is first -person plural?
What title was given to the ruler of the Ottoman Empire?
Is the salinity of Don Juan Pond more than 0.376?
What county in England shares a border with Hampshire?
Who holds the next lower rank of the Pope?
Did Rekha receive the Lifetime Achievement Award from both Filmfare and Zee Cine?
Which is the data.gouv.fr org ID of Montpellier?
Who is the record label for The Black Eyes Peas and what are they named after?
who is co-founder for moveable object location of Justice of Brutus ?
What is The Lady Penelope's most representative work?
What time period and religions associated with satrap?
What position was Arthur Henderson elected in and what was the position was he held?
Where on the coast of Attu Island, is the Lluta River tributary located?
What is the date commenced  developed by ICQ?
IS THE ORBITAL PERIOD OF APOLLO 11 EQUAL TO 2.4
What are the vehicle families which starts with the word vehicle.
Is it true that the median lethal dose of arsenic equals to 13.39?
What is Charity Navigator ID for Metropolitan Museum of Art ?
Which is the Track and Field Statistics male athlete ID for Kipchoge Keino?
What coalition is Auburn University a member of?
Is it true that the number of houses of Mostek equals to 0?
tell me girl group contains the word virtue in their name
id code mil-std-2525 tanker
What is the national holiday of the nation of Jarmila Kratochvilova?
Tell me the programming paradigm which starts with letter p!
In what year was Ice-T nominated for the MTV Video Music Award for Best Video from a Film?
Which is the county seat and location of work of Erasmus?
Who signed the Mayflower Compact and has a grave in Connecticut?
What is the UEFA player id for Cristiano Ronaldo?
What is the common name with the loudest maximum frequency of audible sound that is a subclass of a domesticated animal?
WHAI IS THE UNITED STATES SUPREME COURT DECISION THAT APPLIES TO JURISDICTION IN UNITED STATES IF AMERICA AND WHICH STARTS  WITH U
Was Jane Austen's notable work "Lady Susan" and "Persuasion"?
Is Tom Petty's given name Tom?
What legislative body is parliament in the Kingdom of Great Britain?
Ser Singh is the founder of what life stance?
How many publishers are there for Wolfenstein?
Which is Plazi ID for tench?
Is the number of pages of ruins of modernity politics,history and culture equal to 1?
What is Mary Poppins's Megogo ID?
What is the total revenue for Nissan?
For which work William Hurt is nominated for BAFTA Award for Best Actor in a Leading Role?
Is the spin quantum number of xenon-136 equal to 0?
For what role did Christoph Waltz receive Best Supporting Actor?
What occupational carcinogen containing hydrogen has the highest decomposition point ?
What is the fertility rate in Kurnool?
Where, in the English administrative territorial entity, was Martin McDonagh born?
Which is the university that used the Russian language?
What is distribution of web browser ?
What are the honours of Grace Bumbry whose leader is Fayard Nicholas?
Is the wing area of SZD-50 Puchacz equal to 12.944?
What is the call sign of emirates airline?
What has higher taxon of Litchi chinensis, that contains a type of taxon in its genus?
Which is the AMSL that takes place in the Annie Hall?
Which region of Spain shares its border with Granada?
Which Ubuntu package is Scala's?
What is librettist for Francis Poulence?
Who is the woman of Han Xin, who is often confused with being a man?
Is the electrical conductivity of aluminium less than 28000000.0?
It comes from the top level domain of Paramore.
What is the electoral district for Rene Coty has position held as member of the Senate France?
Who are the children of Tigranes the Great, who died from decapitation?
Is the prevalence of leprosy equal to 23.2?
What peace treaties have the Soviet Union signed?
Who gave the  {moveable object location} of {significant incident} of {Theodore Dreiser} ?
Was the explosive yield of The Gadget less than 24.0?
What is the birth location of Alauddin Khalji having the county seat of Mamluk sultanate?
What is it?
Who is the person that was educated at the University of Notre Dame?
Where was C. Vann Woodward educated and what was the end time?
What position was Jeffrey Archer elected to?
Where does Dmitry Medvedev reside?
Who is {cast member} of {Ghostbusters} where {character role} is {Janine Melnitz} ?
Is it true that the lauryl chloride from the half maximal effective concentration greater than 0.008?
Does Noam Chomsky have a son whose name is Aviva Chomsky?
Is the metallicity of Messier 56 less than -1.584?
did mpeg-2 part 3 followed the mp3?
What did Safwat Ghayur attend in action?
Name a United States Supreme Court decision that applies to the jurisdiction of the United States of America that contains the word "united" in its name
Where is the brain located anatomically and in the taxon?
Which is the data theft as a significant event of Nicolas Sarkozy?
Who is the  {position} for {organisation directed from the office} of {NATO}
What therapy is written by Sigmund Freud that starts with the letter "p"?
Which is the Tidal artist ID for Madonna?
What is the World Health Organisation International Nonproprietary Name for nitric oxide radical ?
What and where is the record for the pole vault held?
WHAT ARE THE BASEBALL LEAGUE WHICH START WITH THE LETTER P
Who is the mother and spouse of Achilles?
What is Tennessee Sports Hall of Fame athlete ID for Darrell Waltrip?
What sport has the proponent of uneven bars?
What is a song played by Petula Clark, besides "Downtown"?
What is the economic union for ASEAN?
What are the borders of the Ehime Prefecture, which can be subdivided into the Kita District?
What is the basic form of government for an absolute monarchy?
Jefferson Davis was head of state of which historical country?
Who is the chairperson of the Communist Party of China and who are his followers?
What are the film studio which start with the letter z
Who is the founder of Confucianism, whose kid is Kong Li?
How is chocolate pronounced in German?
What are the hypostasis which contains the word holy in their name
What is the location of death created by John A. Hartford?
What is 20th Century Fox's Box Office Mojo studio ID?
Which is KNApSAcK ID of L-Tyrosine?
Which is {studied by} {science, that studies} of {ocean chemistry} ?
Who is the sidekick of Sonic the Hedgehog?
What operas has Claude Debussy composed?
Is the yield strength of AISI 420C / EN X46Cr13 martensitic stainless steel the same as 1400
Does the time to altitude of the DT-2 equal 14.5?
What is the headquarters location and the located on terrain feature of Commonwealth_of_Independent_States ?
what was michael jordans number?
Which is the Cooper-Hewitt Person ID of Camille Saint-Saëns?
What is a Hindu denomination that starts with the letter s.
What is the title for the office held by the Empire of Japan?
Rutherford B. Hayes replaced Ulysses S. Grant in what office?
Who did Sebastian Piñera replace as President of Chile?
What 14 nanometer CPU has the most thermal design power ?
In what city, that is twinned with Ibadan, is Case Western Reserve University located?
What is the place and manner of death of Ravi Shankar?
Did Michelangelo had a notable work David and Cristo della Minerva ?
Which is he KVAB member ID of Richard Neutra?
Which is the tax resistance for the conflict of Mahatma Gandhi?
Is the percentage of the water in Maine equal to 12.82?
which is industry of Caterpillar Inc. ?
Which is the McCune-Reischauer romanization for Kim Jong-il
Did Don Johnson star in comedy and drama movies?
What is the Class IIIB combustible liquid with the highest flash point that is used in insecticides?
Is the cardinality of the group of the Klein four-group equal to 4.8?
What is GOG application ID for Doom ?
Was ABBA originally from Sweden?
Was Steven_Tyler voice type baritone and counterbaritone?
How many spouses does the Kangxi Emperor have?
Which is the Parliament & Politiek ID of Donald Trump?
Is the number of cases of tuberculosis equal to 520?
Name an archaeological artifact that contain the word "rosetta " in its name
Is Kiva Andru's specific age inside fictional universe under 20?
Which protein can interact with amphetamine ?
Is it true that the maximum temperature record of Washington equals to 118?
Which state of Bangalore has faith in Hinduism?
Is it true that the absolute magnitude of the Sun equals to 4.83?
Was James Brown on the Hollywood Records and King Records record labels?
What is the DiseasesDB for transmissible spongiform encephalopathy?
What award did Tiger Woods receive and at what point in time?
Tell me Public policy whose name has the words racial in it.
What are the historical motorcycle manufacturer which start with the letter W
What is Paul Cézanne's Belvedere artist ID?
Quentin Tarantino is nominated for which Golden Globe Award ?
What does the native language of Alberto Dines sound like?
What is a diplomatic relation of El Salvador that is a member of NAFTA?
When did Bob Kahn receive the Marconi Prize?
Which is the significant event of Gérard Debreu?
What is the {death location} of {John Hancock}, which has the {sister city} of {Johannesburg}?
What is the Italian municipality for Cardiff's sister administration?
Who replaced Luchino Visconti as President of the Jury at the Cannes Festival?
What are the mixture which start with the letter t
Who was Paul von Hindenburg's wife ?
Which sister town of Da Nang has a county seat for Allegheny County?
Of which team is Peter Schmeichel a member and when did he join the team?
Which is the height for Ana Kasparian?
Which symptoms suggest the existence of arteriosclerosis?
Which film was written by screenwriter Sergei Eisenstein?
Tell me the academic major which has economy studies and contains the word economics in it's name?
What is All Blacks player ID for Colin Meads ?
Who is Star Wars' director and composer?
Who is the half brother of Joseph Stalin?
What is the MusicBrainz release group ID of (What's the Story) Morning Glory?
How many genetic associations are there for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease?
Is it true that the ranking of the Netherlands national football team equals to 4.0?
Is amisulpride a drug used for treatment of borderline personality disorder?
Tell me the inhabitants that originated in the Bachelor.
Did Moby Dick feature Ishmael and Moby Dick?
Was Eminem a film producer for an occupation?
Are Kim and Idina given names of Idina Menzel?
What is the patronym or matronym for Mahathir Mohamed?
Is the mean age of Northchurch equal to 45.4?
When did John Glenn become an astronaut?
What is the continent of South America?
Is the production rate of the Maury AOC equal 4299?
Which is the timeline topic of the main topic of the list of List of military robots in fictional media?
What is the SourehCinema person ID of Bahram Bayzai?
Which principle that contains the word ätialprinzip in their name
Is  the number of elevators in the N Seoul Tower less than 1.6?
Who is the inventor of the Triangulum Galaxy who worked in the area of astronomy?
Does acetone peroxide have an explosive velocity equal to 5300?
Which is Encyclopedia of Australian Science ID for Victor Chang?
Give me a cellular component structure, that starts with an alphabet 'v'.
Who was elected for the position of the Member of the 30th Parliament of the United Kingdom held by Stanley Baldwin?
Tell me economic branch whose name has the word transport in it.
Which  pendant of The Clothed Maja ?
What is the geo Latitude of the exclave of Melilla?
Name the twin town of Asunción, whose prime minister is Luis Banck Serrato ?
Tell me fallen angel whose name has the word zaqiel in it.
Is it true that the vibration of makita JR3030T is equal to 27.8?
What is the  telephone numbering plan of resident in  Joseph Stalin ?
What disease is treated with biotin?
Who are the crew member of Phillipe Perrin's cosmonaut mission?
Who is the publisher of the track on Nickel-Catalyzed Coupling Reactions of Alkenes?
What is a tributary of the Madeira River:
What is the music series of the Discourses of Politics?
{J.League player ID} of {Michael Laudrup} is?
Tell me Nishiki-e whose name has the word sea in it.
Is the number of registered users/contributors French Wikipedia equal to 2421469?
For which work did Alan Jay Lerner win Best Writing and Adapted Screenplay at the Academy Awards for?
When was Hermann Hesse nominated for the Nobel Prize in Literature?
The INDUCKS creator ID of Ronaldo is?
Is Stephen Curry married to Rachael Ray?
What are the Harmonized System Codes for pocket watch?
Which female organ is the counterpart to the testicle?
What is the audio language of A Dictionary of the English Language, which has grammatical gender of feminine?
What professional sport does Kristi Yamaguchi participate in?
For what type of work Keira Knightley has received an Empire Award?
How many works are depicted by Richard III/
Which is the programmer of John Romero?
Who is the defendant for Hans Frank?
Who gave the{collateral descendant} of {Developer} of {Winter} ?
Is the earthquake magnitude on the moment magnitude scale of the 2012 Visayas earthquake less than 5.36?
Which organisation is directed from the office of the Vatican Library?
What is the national flower of the territorial entity of Yukon?
Which is {target} of {dedicated item} {COMINFIL} ?
Which is the {location} {named after} {Battle_of_Verdun} ?
Name a non-science partially coincident with Geisteswissenschaft that starts with letter H
Rio Grande
What activity of Irini Rodnina has the twin city of Krasnoyarsk?
Where are the papers of the daughters of Frederick Marryat?
Which is the release version for Steam on computer?
Tell me cave whose name has the word sesselfelsgrotte in it.
Is the Internet different from the World Wide Web?
Did Ulysses S. Grant's horse have a name?
What is the species in the human digestive system, that is the manufacturer of an artificial physical object?
Who replaced Sam Houston as President of the Republic of Texas?
Was Alex Ferguson a member of Falkirk F.C. and Ayr United F.C.?
Which edition of Oedipus Rex is in the language of Catalan?
What is the name of the infectious disease that has minimal prevalence and is a subclass of viral hepatitis?
What is {attendee} in {conflict} of {Curt Badinski} ?
Was Immanuel Kant a doctoral student of Johann Gottlieb Fichted and Anton Friedrich Justus Thibaut?
What is victory for  Niki Lauda ?
Is the patronage of Crnl. FAP Francisco Secada Vignetta International Airport less than 0.0?
How many costume designers did Mary Poppins have?
What kinship did Philip of Cognac have with Richard I of England
What is the first name of Joel Quenneville?
Bucharest is the capital of which country?
What caused Ian Paisley to end his position as a member of the 45th Parliament of the United Kingdom?
What is the taxonomic group with the lowest reproduction rate whose permanent duplicated item is error1?
Which is the Kvikmyndir film ID of Amélie?
Which is the SFDb person ID for Britney Spears?
When did educated at of Mahmoud Ahmadinejad and academic degree?
What part of the German Democratic Republic has Sorbian as an official language?
Which is relative to the stack?
What are Hollywood's borders and where is the location of the administrative territorial  entity?
When did Howard Hawks marriage to Dee Hartford end?
Does the Harz Railway have a speed limit of less than 48.0?
What is Julie Andrews' blood type and voice type?
What is Supermodels.nl ID for Heidi Klum ?
What is the name of the city next to where Yue Fei died?
What is the safety classification and labelling of the occupational carcinogen that starts with "b"?
What is the population of Macapá per the census?
Which is the Dyntaxa ID for Apocynaceae?
How long is passover in Israel?
What country celebrates Groundhog Day the distributor of InterCom?
WHICH CITES IS ROE V WADE
Who are the creators of the series part 818-jklpuzo?
What are the recorded work done during Ramadan?
What is EU Surface Water Body Code for Albert Canal ?
Which is the dedication date of the school of swing music?
What is the antonym of fertility - the medical specialty that focuses on reproductive endocrinology and infertility?
Who gave the {starting} of {valid in jurisdiction} of {Roman magistrate} ?
Cape Cod belongs to which state, and tends towards which diplomatic relation?
tell me computer network protocol that edition or translation of Internet Protocol  which  starts with i
who played Dr. John Watson in Sherlock Holmes?
What is the time zone where the Battle of Mars Los Angeles Tour is located?
Tell me paramedical speciality whose name has the word therapy in it.
What do the zoo animals of Downtown Aquarium, Houston play with?
Name the second language of Toots Thielemans that has the typology of subject-verb-object.
Who is The Lion King's storyboard artist?
Mention the medicinal specialty maintained by positive regulation of hypersensitivity
What is the type of kinship between Prince George of Cambridge and Prince Charles of Wales?
What is the surface that contains the Mato Grosso?
Tell me the history of a country or state that starts with the letter h
DOES THE NUMBER OF PARTS OF THIS WORK OF ART OF THE GAME PANETRATING THE SECRET SOCIETY OF PICK UP ARTISTS EQUALS 1
Tell me the security agency of chairperson Yuri Andropov that contains the word kgb in it's name?
Who gave the{established by} of {resting place} of {Arkadi Suvorov} ?
What is the name of Alexander Blok's birthplace, that has Manchester as a sister city?
WHICH IS THE PALACE THAT CONTAINS THE WORD THERESIANUM IN THEIR NAME
What is the trend of tribute to Malevich?
What is the twin city of Aichi Prefecture, which has boroughs in the Shire of Belfast?
What is a cat breed that starts with the letter t?
how much number of out of school children of region of Mongolian Plateau?
What is the Scopus Source ID of Astronomy and Astrophysics?
When did Woody Guthrie receive the Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award?
Which is the Behind The Voice Actors tv show ID of Attack on Titan?
What is Adama Smith's Classiques des sciences sociales author ID?
Tell me the extreme murder ?
What is the name of the building complex that is the headquarters of the European Parliament?
What are the coordinates of ConocoPhillips' headquarters in Houston?
Tell me about the spaceflight manufacturer of SpaceX?
Which taxon has the biggest/largest genome size?
Which 1.2 has the longest event distance?
When did Kwame Nkruman hold the position as Prime Minister of Ghana?
What is Wyoming's population as determined by a census?
Which is the MobyGames company ID for Panasonic?
What republic starts with the letter "z"?
Did {David_Hasselhoff} is {participant of} {list of The Young and the Restless cast members} and {Knight Rider} ?
What is the historic replacement country of the German Empire?
Which is the fictional universe of the fictional universe that is described in Harry Potter?
What country does the National Aeronautics and Space Administration belong to
What are the ice hockey team which start with the letter straubing
How many continents are in the Portuguese Empire?
What is Chinese writing called?
Which mythological Greek character did Hercules kill?
What is the name of the sports stadium in Barcelona?
What are the kinship  which start with the letter u
What is the graduating class of the actress Richy Guitar?
How many people speak the Urdu language?
What is the geographic ID of Okayama?
Which is the statutory city of Austria for the twinned administrative body of Bern?
who  writing system for facet  of Japanese?
When did Edward II of England become King of England?
What is the antonym of the type of film of Freud, Biologist of the Mind?
Is Ulysses S. Grant the owner of Cincinnati?
Name a city that contains the word "milwaukee " in its name
What are the earnings before interest and taxes accrued by the Secure Digital card?
In what year did John XXIII receive a Balzan Prize?
What position in office did W. Marvin Watson hold?
When did José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero marry Sonsoles Espinosa?
Is the annual energy output of Itaipu Binacional equal to 103.098?
What are the results of the product Whopper?
Is Down syndrome same as Mongolian idiocy?
Is the study of humans called ethnography?
Is it true Bobby_Fischer given name James and Arthur?
Who sculpted the Statue of Zeus at Olympia ?
What is the time zone for Cannes in daylight saving time?
What is The Count of Monte Cristo divided  Of Monte Cristo?
What is the crafting field of Ann Peel's craft?
Muḥammad ibn Mūsā al-Khwārizmī is culture ?
"What is {located in} of {Western Front}, which is {member of} is {CERN}
What was the position when Joaquim Chissano replaced as the Chairperson of the African Union ?
WHat is the Matterhorn's parent peak?
Who gave the {top dog} of {nomination received} of {Jamie Bell} ?
"Which is {watercourse ends in} of {Gulf of Maine}, whose {tributary} is {Rio Miriri} ?"
Which is the STL file connected with a rib?
When was George Saunders nominated for the National Book Award for Fiction?
Where in Italy was Carla Bruni born??
Is the earthquake magnitude on the Richter magnitude scale for the 1920 Mendoza earthquake more than 4.8?
What are the event sequence which start with the letter w
What fleet manages Iran Air Flight 277?
Which is the Canadian Baseball Hall of Fame inductee ID for All-American Girls Professional Baseball League?
Where is the place of death and what was the cause of death of Grover Cleveland?
Which is the edition or translation of The Pilgrim's Progress?
When was the Sleeping Hermaphrodite?
What species has DD3219 found in their fertilizer?
Which journal published Zoopolis
What movie was Stanley Kramer nominated for Best Picture by the Academy Awards?
Does the flux of the Centaurus Cluster equal 1.884e-10?
What type of geography does Estonia have?
What member of the International Development Association has the smallest percentage area of water?
Which kind of bulldog is the mascot for Georgetown University?
Which Atlantic hurricane had maximum damage cost?
Who are the executive and legislative bodies of Dublin?
Which  is field study of contributor of Screamers ?
Which is the redshift for NGC 1275?
Is the thermal conductivity of the tungsten equal to 173?
Are there 5,329 graves in the Ardennes American Cemetery and Memorial
How many business divisions are owned by Renfe Operadora?
Is Loki the child of Wolf of Gubbio and Narfi?
Who has signed the United States Constitution, whose place of work is Washington DC?
which is diplomatic relation of east timor that is statement is subject of east timor-indonesia relations?
When did Francisco Morales Bermúdez become President of the Council of Ministers of Peru?
Which is the facility operator in action of CIM-10 Bomarc?
Reading has which TO idenfication?
What award did Lasse Viren receive during the 1972 Summer Olympics as a participant in the Men's 5000 metres?
Vladimir Putin holds what special rank?
What ID does the TV Guide show for "The Searchers"?
What the capital of Nanjing?
Who is the producer of Beavis and Butt-head?
"Which actor in the Schindler's List, has an intersex that is a female?"
Is Craig Patrick's career plus-minus rating greater than -106.4?
What agency maintains Metro Manila?
What is the subject which studies items built from dried fish?
Is the male population of the Nanga Brook equal to 0.0?
how much number of matches played for Giuseppe Meazza has a member of sports team as Atalanta B.C. ?
What are the medication which start with the letter v
What armies fought in the Battle of Austerlitz?
How many of William the Silent`s children live to adulthood?
Who is the {sibling} and the {child} of {Ali_Khamenei} ?
Which means {Artnet artist ID} from {Barbara Morgan} ?
Which is the magnetic ordering that contains the word paramagnetism in it's name?
Which is the Taratata artist ID for Jimmy Cliff?
Who is the illustrator and author of The Little Prince?
When was Ernest Borgnine and his spouse Ethel Merman's birth date and death?
What is the name of the sister city of Oslo, where Ernest Sachs was born?
Which is the country that is replaced by the Thirteen Colonies?
How many followers follows the film Dirty Harry?
Who is married to the titleholder of the Philip K. Dick Award?
Thiruvananthapuram is the capital of which state in India?
68 to 77 degrees
Which are the lyrics of Good King Wenceslas?
In which year Henry Ford was awarded Order of the German Eagle?
What is LPGA Tour ID for Patty Berg?
where is  island located on system of mountains ?
What is the conflict in the branch of Enrique Camarena?
What are the chemical reaction which start with the letter s
What is the {child} and the {spouse} of {Ralph_Lauren} ?
What is the family name for writing the Hebrew alphabet
Is the galactic longitude of the Crab Pulsar less than 331.6401432?
What is the Norwegian historical register ID of Niels Henrik Abel?
What is Melon artist ID for SHINee?
How many matches did Garrincha play on the Brazil national football team?
Is the place of death for Billy Graham located in the administrative territorial entity of Montreal?
Who is the {spouse} and the {employer} of {Stephen_Fry} ?
Which is the discography of Zhao Wei?
What is Statistical Service of Cyprus Geocode for Larnaca ?
Did Tom Selleck play sports for the USA?
What is basin country  for Vättern
Which record company owns the record label for Peter Gabriel?
Has Gene Hackman received the Academy Award for Best Director and the Silver Bear for Best Actor?
What is the sacred language and official language of Parthian Empire?
Who gave the{field of exercise} of {developed by} of {RD-8} ?
What type of government and what was the most common language of the Spaniards?
In what series does Nanette Fabray play a character called Ruby?
What conflict occurred in Philoctetes and who was involved?
What is the next lowest rank below pope?
Which makes belong to Aveeno Baby product line?
dorothy gale has a pet
Who is the Patron Saint of Our Lady of Hungary Basilica?
WHat form of energy is measured by joule ?
Who is the operator and manufacturer of Luckheed C-130 Hercules?
Name a television channel related to Al Jazeera Media Network that starts with letter A
Is it true that Georges St-Pierre practiced karate and Shootfighting?
What is the incumbent of the depositary of Convention on Biological Diversity ?
Which is the canonical SMILES of sucrose?
How and where did William Wallace die?
Name the death location of Marguerite Henry, which has a partner city called Edinburgh.
What was the award received for Pan's Labyrinth that was the subject of the 79th Academy Awards?
Is the number of processor cores of the AMD Ryzen 7 1700 equal to 9.6?
Who is {champion} of {nomination received} of {Lila Kedrova} ?
What orbits the planetary system of Omega Centauri?
What are the political affiliations that contain the word "right" in their name ?
What are the technique which start with the letter t
What is the treatment associated with HIV?
What is the champ of Benny Goodman, that was also the champ of Carol Burnett?
Is it true that E-plus has 25,000,000 subscribers?
Who are the kids that inspired the Color Purple
How many physical interacts are with the cookware and bakeware} ?
What is {developed} and {published on} {Need for Speed} ?
In which country is Saint Petersburg, where Modest Mussorgsky died?
What is the Canada's Sports Hall of Fame athlete ID for Ray Bourque?
tell me academic degree which name has the word science in it
When did Raúl Castro marry Vilma Espín?
What are the inner planet which start with the letter v
Is the number of constituencies of the municipal chamber of Londrina equal to zero?
What are all the songs made by Erykah Badu?
Kevin Andrews replaced Tony Abbott as what?
What is the country club with the lowest par whose instance of is country club ?
What is Edgar Wallace's PORT person ID?
Tell me the multiple that contains the word harmonic in their name
What is the largest quantity of campaign medals?
Is it true that the number of pages of Papyrus Oxyrhynchus 20 equals to 1?
How many religions are there with the {Han Chinese} ?
Where is the work location of Harthacanute which belongs to Asian Development Bank
tell me musikdrama is starts with p
What does Paul Simon's discography mean?
What was the movie about Jacques Cousteau that was nominated for a Best Documentary Feature Academy Award?
Which is the E number for magnesium sulfate anhydrous?
"What is {preceeds} of {The Marshall Mathers LP}, whose {genre of music} is {hip hop music} ?"
Are mental disorder and hallucination symptoms of Rabies?
which is pronunciation audio of raw material for rice flour ?
Does the yield strength of the {SAE 316L stainless steel equals to 250?
What did Fats Everett play in the conflict?
What is the zipcode of the place of residence of Suroosh Alvi ?
Which is the position that applies to the jurisdiction of Bucharest?
What is the country with the highest water as percent of area whose diplomatic relation is Taiwan ?
In what year did Charles Martel fight in the Battle of the River Berre?
Is 60 the compressive modulus of elasticity of 6061 aluminium alloy?
is the memmber count of an Horse less than 1.6?
who has local government areas of headquarters of galileo ?
Which is the talk show guest of Cardi B?
What party is friend of society NSDAP a member of?
Which is the BD Gest' author ID of Hugo Pratt?
Was Ron Howard nominated for Nebula Award for Best Script?
What are the province of China which start with the letter zhejiang
Is it true that the ranking of Maria Kirilenko equals to 5?
What is pronunciation audio for Boulogne-Billancourt that is language of work or name is French ?
who art collection of portrayed by  thorvaldsen Museum ?
What is award received of Mary Steenburgen that of winner is Allison Janney ?
Who was the distributor for Married...with Children?
which encodes for rho?
Tell me landscape type whose name has the word tundra in it.
When did Ivan Turgenev leave his residence in Berlin?
Name the place where Nikita Khrushchev was died in the country of Soviet Union?
What is General Electric's snapchat username?
What what is Christian Church office held by head of the organisation pope and which that starts with c
Name a movie whose costumes were designed by Theoni V. Aldredge that contains the word "ghostbusters " in its name
n/a
Which means{antiparticle} in a {photon} ?
When did Hal Holbrook marry Carol Eve Rossen?
Where was the place of death and what was the manner of death of Reinhard Heydrich?
grant wood delarge id?
What was awarded to Miles Davis, that was also previously awarded to top dog Aldon Lynn Nielsen?
Which is the Rugby League Project player ID for Wally Lewis?
What is the asteroid with the highest periapsis whose site of astronomical discovery is Landessternwarte Heidelberg-Königstuhl ?
What is the end time for Vidkun Quisling who has a spouse as Alexandra Voronin?
What are the temple which start with the letter g
Who is owned and developed by the FAceted Application of Subject Terminology?
Which is the mansion that is owned by William IV of the United Kingdom?
What award did Carmen Maura receive for La comunidad?
What is the record held for pole vault?
Is Gordon Ramsey from Scotland?
What is in the category of Thomas Mann?
which bank specializes in business enterprise and keeps assets under management?
When did Almaty start being the capital of the Almaty Region?
Which is the Wikimedia list article for the list of the Jewish people?
What awards has the leader George F. Kennan received?
When did Mika Waltari begin to go by Toimi?
n/a
What is the covered bridge with the lowest number of spans whose instance of is road bridge?
What is the gender and religion of Alan Watts?
"Which member of Dave Grohl, currently has a nomination received for the MTV Video Music Award for Best New Artist?"
When did the Republic of Florence become a country?
does the Airbus A380 maximum operating altitude equal to 43000?
When did Stephen Báthory end his reign as King of Poland?
What is the lead award of Christine Leigh Heyrman?
Milan is located in what administrative territory its twinned administrative body?
Did Lyndon B. Johnson marry Lyndon B. Johnson?
Vancouver has which twinned administrative bodies of municipality of the Netherlands ?
Is Wi-Fi named after Sony?
Which is the central bank of Iceland?
IS THE WIDTH OF THE CAPUCHIN ISLAND GREATER THAN 0.08
What sports team is Javier Zanetti a member of and how many points/goals/sets did he score?
Tell me religious concept whose name has the word yojana in it.
What is part of Super Mario Bros. ?
What is the forename of Jan Švankmajer, which is known for its frequency of first names in the Netherlands, 2010?
What is the closest planet to International Space Station ?
Which country on the Gold Coast did Jack Brabham die?
Mention the place where human burial can be made possible in Florence Cathedral
What was named after Dushanbe in Tajik?
Who is the executive director with superior formation at Parfums Christian Dior?
Is the torque of the Tesla Roadster equal to 10000?
What is the Tennis Hall of Fame player ID belonging to Ivan Lendl?
Tell me textile fibre whose name has the word wool in it.
Name the hammer drill brand with the amplitude of which subclass is the hammer drill?
What is the ancestral home of Du Fu?
Did Subhas Chandra Bose attend Banaras Hindu University and Scottish Church College?
How many heritage designations are there for the Sydney Opera House?
How many episodes are there of Cowboy Bebop?
What finish did Voyager 1 have with planet Chaldene?
What degree is achieved by Gustav Kirchhoff at Heidelberg University?
Is the dynamic viscosity of undecane equal to 0.4496?
What city with millions of people has the official language of Urdu?
Was Aamir Khan born in Mumbai?
What is adjacent to the village of Karachay-Cherkess Republic?
Who did Robin Wright play in house of cards?
What is the Indian band of the Algonquian ethnicity with the least members.
Where is {place of birth} of {Alexei Nemov} which is {located in the administrative territorial entity} is {Republic of Mordovia} ?
What is the SFMOMA ID for Rene Magritte?
WHICH IS THE MULTI PURPOSE STADIUM WITH MAXIMUM MINIMUM CAPACITY
Was Nostradamus occupation Yorkton Film Festival and author?
which website that programming language javascript and which contains the word wincounter in their name
When did Han van Meegeren work in Laren?
Who gave the {speakers of language} of {second language} of {Juan Sebastián Elcano} ?
tell  me class of instruments which name has  the word instrument in it
Who is the person that is the structural engineer of Burj Khalifa?
Who is commanded by Thomas Blamey?
Which is the PubChem Substance ID SID for gypsum?
when did Eric Clapton become a member of John Mayall & the Bluabreakers?
What office does the daughter of Iskandar Muda hold?
What is the diplomatic status of Younus Khan's citizenship?
Who is the chancellor that comes from The Katzenjammer Kids
What is the county seat of the county in which Olafur Eliasson lives?
What is the plan view image of the O'Hare International Airport?
Who is the governor of the hometown of Glenn Seaborg?
Who are the inhabitants that originate in Foucault's Pendulum?
How was Guangzhou Metro electrified?
Name the biggest reform for women living in the Wusab As Safil District?
Who is the general manager of the Bernard Lewis workplace?
When did Oskar Lafontaine become the head of the government of Saarland?
What is landscape of depicted sea of clouds ?
Identify the voting round when Marcio Bittar got the most votes.
Who created and produced Jersey Odysseys: Legend of the Blue Hole?
What is the career of patron Saint, is he philosopher or professor?
Mention the striking painting work of John the Baptist
What taxon is the veal?
Which is the NRJ artist ID for Lana Del Rey?
Which party does Xi Jinping lead?
What is the protocol of Internet version 6?
Does the number of graves of the Passy Cemetery equal 2600?
What is the group of Arab League nations called?
When did Leo IX hold his position as bishop of Toul?
WHO PLAYED PORTRAYED IN CAMP MEETING ?
Which is the removed feature of Windows XP?
Which is the KNAW past member ID for Wolfgang Pauli?
Ziziphus jujuba has a Tropicos taxon ID of what?
Where did Errol Flynn marry Nora Eddington?
The humerus has what muscle origin?
Who plays the medium of shovel ?
What is the song with the lowest beats per minute whose lyrics by is Max Martin ?
Tell me the Palace that starts with t
what is the alkane of NFPA 704: Standard System for the Identification of the Hazards of Materials for Emergency Response that starts with letter "p"
IS THE MAXIMUM THRUST OF CONCORDE IS LESS THAN 669120.0
tell me protestentism that starts with h
What is the significance of the Rembrandt House Museum?
Is the vehicle range of the Airbus A400M less than 2640?
who chairwoman of club played for of romário ?
Name the human spaceflight that landed at Kennedy Space Center that had the least amount of orbital inclination?
Which is the product certification for Marsala wine?
What was the position of Hua Guofeng who replaced Zhou Enlai?
What is Encyclopedia of Modern Ukraine ID for history ?
What work was Norma Shearer nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actress?
Tell me economic sector whose name has the word service in it.
What are the resort  which start with the letter s
who is the stepparent of Clark Gable?
WHICH IS THE FUNDAMETAL INTERACTION THE CONTAINS THE WORD INTERACTION IN THEIR NAME
How many different sports disciplines are competed in by Emil Zatopek?
Name a trade association that starts with the letter O
When did album for producer of Jim Henson?
What is the hardest mineral on Moh's hardness scale?
what is sea monster that starts with t
What is the administrative territorial entity of Timothy Dalton who was born at Colwyn Bay?
Who is the {country within the United Kingdom} for {facet of} of {history of England}
Which is the vessel class of the galleon?
Tell me the comics character which start with letter v.
When did Dale Bumpers' position as Governor of Arkansas end?
What position did Rodrigo Duterte hold afteer Benigno Aquino III?
Name an academic major that starts with the letter E
Is the minimal lethal concentration of dichlorine greater than 640?
What is the detection method of that which is orbited by Tau Ceti?
Which chemical element follows silicon in the periodic table?
Who is the voice actor of Super Smash Bros Melee in the character role of Nobuyuki Hiyama?
Which synonym has the longest gestation period?
Who first described ferrocerium and was taught by Adolf Lieben?
What is the adaptation of the Sneezy narrative?
When did Libya become a member of Arab League?
Which is the volcano observatory for Haleakalā?
What is the informed by of the adapted from of IBM PL/S?
What is the European Fashion creator ID for Diane von Furstenberg?
Which is the location of the Antarctic?
What is the treated by of the signs of dengue fever?
When did Weird Al Yankovic receive his Grammy Award for Best Concept Music video?
What is the first line of Shahnameh?
What is the record producer of the series of The Amazing Race 10 ?
Which is the recording or performance of Pavane, Op. 50?
Steve Wozniak is associated with what company?
What what is public educational institution of the United States category for employees of the organization Category:Clemson University faculty and  also which that starts with c
What is 365chess id of Alexander Alekhine?
What is the artistic genre of Enûma Eliš that is distinguished from a poem?
Which is the number of cases for tuberculosis?
What fruit type and parent taxon does the cashew belong to?
What is the minimum frequency of audible sound of a house cat?
Is Joanna given name to Rachel McAdams?
Did Clark Gable marry Carole Lombard and Josephine Dillon?
At what position did John H. Hoover replace Chester W. Nimitz?
What is the Early Aviators people ID of Henry H. Arnold?
Lactic acid contains what monomer and is used to treat what medical condition?
Who was the spouse of Claude Monet?
Who are some famous people educated at McGill University?
What town is Lyubov Kozyreval from?
Is Will Ferrell married to Viveca Paulin?
who is the discoverer or inventor of gamma function?
Do you know Dan Gable's ID in the Iowa Sports Hall of Fame.
Is the draft of the Far West equal to 0.912?
Who is the film producer of the sequel of I Hope You Find It ?
Terry Pratchett was nominated for which medal?
What is the jurisdiction of McCulloch v. Maryland that has the premier of John Tyler?
where did Jammu_and_Kashmir office hold by head of state and office hold by head of government?
What are the stable version on each platform for Assassin's Creed?
What is the recurring tournament that starts with the letter w?
Who is the employer of the {Hans Krebs} ?
What was the position held by Gough Whitlam, which was replaced by Malcolm Fraser?
Name a small planet that contains the word " 90377" in its name
Is the mean lifetime of the Higgs boson greater than 8e-06?
Was Euro country Finland  and Latvia?
who is managed by exchange of Unisys ?
What position was held by George VI and when did he begin in that position?
How many illnesses are from lead poisoning?
Where is the burial place of Athanasius Kircher, that is adjacent to the Trevignano Romano?
WHICH IS THE THERAPEUTIC AREA OF BIRTH CONTROL
Is the literate population of Parsal 0?
Is the IPA number order of the voiced palatal stop equal to 108?
Who is {titleholder} of {nomination received} of {Jeffrey Ford} ?
Who was the film produ er of Rekvijem za teškaša?
What is ESPN.com MLB ID for Deion Sanders ?
who state of Australia for capital of Melbourne?
What will be the effect of bacteria which has prescribed drug of cefizoxime?
Which is the country for which Rodrigo Duterte is the head of the government?
Which is the Baseball Almanac ID for Bob Gibson?
Is it true that the mass excess of samarium-148 equals to -79336.264?
"Where is the {seat} of {Nihon Keizai Shimbun}, that {has villages} in {Minato-ku} ?"
who  domain of continent of antarctic ice sheet?
In a notable incident during the World Premiere, what is the place of Don Giovanni's first performance?
What did wives composed Please Don't Eat the Daisies?
What country are Evanescence from?
What position did James G. Blaine hold when he was replaced by John W. Foster?
Is the luminosity of the Altair equal to 10.7?
What polychoron starts with the letter "u"?
Is Rani Mukerji related to either Ayan Mukerji or Debashree Roy?
Is Dengue fever an infectious disease?
Which is MyDramaList name ID for Thongchai McIntyre?
Who is the voice actor, José Ferrer?
Ruby is what color?
Whom is the developer of the website for the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill?
Tell me the national association football team that competition class men's association football and which that starts with the letter f
Tell me the results of the label "Cheech & Chong".
Is the UTC timezone offset of the UTC+12:45 greater than 15.3?
Is Rowan Atkinson's occupation a screenwriter?
How much physical interaction is affected by oxytocin?
What diplomatic relation is in the Jurchen campaigns against the Song Dynasty?
What is the short-chain fatty acid with the lowest surface tension that is part carbon?
What was Bill Cosby military branch while he was a hospital corpsman?
What is Robert Fumerton's battle formation?
Was Ludwing_Van_Bethoven's notable work Piano Sonata No. 14?
Is Juan José Ibarretxe a chairperson of FC Barcelona?
Tell me isotope of carbon whose name has the word carbon in it.
What subsidiary entities are co-founded by Google?
Which is Models.com client ID of Vanity Fair?
When did bridge for named after of Suleiman the Magnificent?
WHICH IS THE TWINJET WITH THE MOST OPERATING ATTITUDE
What is signed by the sister society of Nat Simons?
What is the  language of environment of Darkwood ?
Which is the language that has nominative as grammatical case and that contains the word udmurt in it's name?
David Duchovny is the producer of which television series ?
Who is interested in Vivian Maier?
Are the total assists in career of Mikko Jokela equal to 0?
IS THE MELTING POINT OF THE CARBON MONOXIDE GREATER THAN -269.6
Is it true that the face value of the 1 euro coin equals to 1?
What is the treatment for cough, whose drug interaction is domperidone?
Is the lighthouse range of the Otterholmen lighthouse equal 2?
Which is the CueTracker player ID of Joe Davis?
Who was awarded the Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble in a Drama Series in Matthew Fox ?
Buckingham Palace is commissioned by what body?
What 9-Cylinder radial engine model has the least bore?
What is SWB editions for Gutenberg Bible ?
What is the ARWU university ID of the University of Cambridge?
Anna Netrebko has how many roles?
Who is Dolley Madison's mother?
What is the Pro14 ID for Jonah Lomu?
is the muzzle velocity of Colt M1911 equal to 253?
tell me the rapid transit which starts with the letter s in it.
What is the {excipient with the lowest dynamic viscosity whose safety classification and labelling is NFPA 704: Standard System for the Identification of the Hazards of Materials for Emergency Response ?
What award was provided to Anthony Hewish and Martin Ryle?
What books did author Truman Capote write?
Name a radio program hosted by Donald Trump
Who are the art directors for Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs?
WHAT IS THE RETIREMENT AGE OF LATVIA
What is the service on internet with the lowest port whose instance of is service on internet?
Which is a public key fingerprint of Linus Torvalds?
Nagpur is the capitol of what territory in India?
What are the diseases that arise from air pollution?
When was Samuel Adams became the Governor of Massachusetts?
What are the musical form which start with the letter v
how many partners did isadora duncan have?
What surface did John Hume work on?
What is the Mickey Mouse film poster?
WHERE IS THE BURGER KING HEAD OFFICE IN TWIN CITIES LOCATED?
film studio
When did chairperson of Communist Party of China and followed by?
Is the vibration of the Bosch 1700A equal to 11.6?
What country sent the largest team to the 2019 Winter Paralypics?
Who gave the {discipline} of {published in journal} of {Fast-ion-beam laser and laser-rf double-resonance measurements of hyperfine structure in 83Kr II.} ?
What is {inscribed} of {The Birth of Venus} that is {applies to partition} is {left}?
Give the planet with the smallest m sin i which is an extrasolar plnaet
Does Tamil Nadu contain administrative territorial entity from the Theni district and Namakkal district?
When is daylight savings time in Bremen?
What is the nae of the band, who started in London, and name begins with Y
Which is the Magdeburger Biographisches Lexikon of Samuel Hahnemann?
Who are the shareholders of the subsidiary entities of SoftBank?
What shows after The Simpsons?
Was Gustav Mahler`s birth place located in the administrative territorial entity of Kalista ?
Who shares a border with Pays de la Loire?
Is the periapsis of the 2202 Pele equal to 1.1148513?
What is the city council of Osaka?
What is the Wikimedia article that lists the characters in War and Peace?
Which is the video game company that manufactured Atari 2600?
Is the individual tax rate of  Netherlands equal to 
43.8?
What is the prize money Tobias Asser received with is Nobel Peace Prize?
Name the Han dynasty capital city with a twin town called Plovdiv.
Tell me medical procedure whose name has the word venipuncture in it.
WHICH ARE THE AUDIO AND VIDEO INTERFACES AND CONNECTORS THAT STARTS WITH Y
Andrew Lloyd Webber composed which musical?
Is the Emperor Gaozu of Han buried in the Yanta District?
Who is the person that was doctoral adviser of Paul Krugman?
Which is the ISO 4 abbrevation of Annals of Mathematics?
Who is the father of Mukesh Ambani
When did Charles Grey, 2nd Earl Grey, end his position as the Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs?
What is the noble title of Charles the Bald and by whom is he followed?
When did Hakeem Olajuwon win the NBA All-Defensive Team award?
Lake Tanganyika is endemic to what?
What music by Adagio in G minor, that has intersex as a male?
What is award received of Arthur C. Clarke that is  work  is Rendezvous with Rama ?
was anne frank's religion Judaism?
Which is the license to broadcast to Billings?
How did Eros have Nyx as a mother?
What time does Fawlty Towers, whose producer is John Howard Davies start?
What colo are Jennifer Aniston's eyes?
Is Rod Stewart's children Sean Stewart and Ruby Stewart?
Which is the General council of the legislative body of Paris?
Which Class IB flammable liquid ester has the lowest vapor pressure?
What is the political alignment of Zionism?
Texas Tech University is located at what street address?
What is the canonisation status of the patron saint of zoos?
What is category of associated people of formation robert blake?
Which is the Sambafoot player ID for Pelé?
What is the symbol of Turdus migratorius?
What is the famous works  role model of Voltaire ?
Who is the writer of The Double Helix, who has received the Lomonosov Gold Medal?
Was Sylvester Stallone a film producer?
What level of court is the Supreme Court of the United States?
What is the domain of the disciple of Al-Khalil ibn Ahmad al-Farahidi?
is the throughput of Samsung K4F6E304HB-MGCH 2 GB LPDDR4 DRAM less than 2560?
Dan Carter plays which rugby position?
What are the coordinates for the river source of Moselle?
Which kind of music was written for Shadows and Light?
What is succeeded by Maurya Empire ?
Who is Julia Gillard's partner?
Which is a point in time of the 1948 Czechoslovak coup d'état?
Which is the IUCN conservation status for endangered species?
Did Saving Private Ryan have the cast members Matt Damon and Harve Presnell?
Who is the contestant to be the successor of "Warning by the Devil's Fire"?
Was Idi Amin in the British Armed Forces and Uganda People's Defence Force?
What is the relationship between Vaclav Havel and Dagmar Havlova?
Where does Tim Burton work and who is his spouse?
WHICH IS THE HQ LOCATION OF TEAMS PLAYED FOR HAMZE GEZMIS?
What is the audio pronunciation of the language signed by Hippolyte Bayard?
What is the death date of Gendun Drup in terms of the Gregorian date being earlier than 1584?
Who is the {human} for {founded by} of {Indian National Congress}
What are the athletic conference which start with the letter n
Which is the Statistics Denmarks classification of occupation (DISCO-08) of the dentist?
What is the Q48460 of faith of Kazakh Khanate ?
What are the honors of Mike Nichols, whose victor is Alfred Hitchcock?
Which is {location of birth} {consecrated by} {Dieudonné Nzapalainga} ?
What is the Pasteur Institute ID for Ilya Mechnikov?
Who discovered or invented Impressionism and was followed by future Impressionists?
What is the citation venue of the single evolutionary origin of chlorinated auxin that provides a phylogenetically informative trait in the Fabaceae?
what is the highest international judicial court of the european union?
When was Braveheart released in Germany?
Where did Jessica Alba get married where Cash Garner Warren was the spouse?
what is born at is in the region of opava district?
Which is the next Magnesium element that is followed after Aluminium?
What is the total assets owned by the Royal Dutch Shell?
What is the gender identity of Gus Van Sant who inverse in female?
Who directed Neon Genesis Evangelion?
What is different to Medes who is Bayreuth and has admin HQ?
What was Barbara Stanwyck nominated for for Double Indememnity?
Did Nancy Pelosi participated in the Inauguration of John F. Kennedy and efforts to impeach George W. Bush?
"What is the birthplace for Max Yasgur, located on the coast of the Bronx River?"
Tell me human migration whose name has the word uruguayan in it.
Is Audie Murphy a songwriter and in the military?
Which is the EuroTour golf player ID of Arnold Palmer?
Which is the British History Online VCH ID of Luton?
What is the mains plug type that's been replaced in the Union of South Africa?
What is Thomas Barnes' Cambridge Alumni Database ID?
What is published on the retired Tetris?
Which is the Unz Review journal identifier of Foreign Affairs?
Who is the chairwoman of Mossad, whose member party is the Israeli Labor Party?
What did Ronald Colman win Best Actor for in the Academy Awards?
"Who is {husband} of {Michael Curtiz}, whose {first name} is {Lucy} ?"
What is the home venue for Boston Celtics team ?
koppen climate temperature is
Name a student of Max Planck
What is associated with religious affiliation of synagogue?
Is it true that the quantity of DRB Class 19.10 is equal to 1?
Give me Russia's lowest ranking at the 2018 FIFA World Cup.
What is the foundational document of the Soviet Union?
When was Nelson Riddle nominated in the 37th Academy Awards.
What what is triumphal arch heritage designationed by MHC and also which starts with letter p
What is Lega Serie A soccer ID for Andriy Shevchenko ?
who has rural cities of neighborhood of saur revolution ?
What independent city of Germany starts with the letter "z"?
What are the foundational text and the history of topic of Islam?
Which of {holding company} has {facility operator} as {Digby and Sowton railway station} ?
Tell me the relationship that exists between Johann Sebastian Bach and Johann Jacob Bach
Name a military rank that starts with letter M
When did developer Raymond F boyce create SQL?
When did Nancy Astor, Viscountess Astor, held the position of Member of the 37th Parliament of the United Kingdom?
which was the end time leland stanford who's position held in united states senator?
What is route diagram of Bay Area Rapid Transit ?
What moon orbits Ursa Major I Dwarf?
What are the stock exchange which start with the letter s
What sovereign states make up the European Union?
Who is the occupant of Liberal International?
What country is the North African Campaign a part of?
WHICH IS THE PACIFIC HURRICANE WITH MAXIMUM SUSTAINED WINDS
What is Video lectures ID of World Wide Web Consortium?
Where was the location of the invasion of the Russian Empire?
What is official language of Taiwanese Hokkien ?
Who  is parent company  made by  Fermi Gamma-ray Space Telescope ?
What city is the twinned administrative city of Auckland ?
When did Shmuel Yosef Agnon win the Nobel Prize in Literature?
When did significant event of Nancy Pelosi and spouse?
Who was married to Nikolay Gumilev and why did it end?
What coordinate system starts with the letter "u"?
Tell me if the ceiling exposure limit of the Petroleum naphtha is less than 2160.0.
Does the radial velocity of the Messier 46 equal to 30.4?
What are the film genre which start with the letter w
Which pandemic had the word "plague" in its name?
What medals are the leader of Alfredo Di Stefano?
At which Japanese castle did Tokugawa Ieyasu die?
What are the working languages of the Indian Reservation of the Usti and Labem Region?
What are the taxon rank and the parent taxon of Neanderthals?
What is the Lisa Leslie WNBA player Id?
WHAT ARE THE OLYMPIC SPORT WHICH START WITH THE LETTER W.
Who owns the painting The King Playing with the Queen?
During the 1903 British Lions tour of South Africa, which tournament had the fewest wins?
Who was Katharine Hepburn married to and when did the marriage end?
Is the parallax of the Spica more than 14.928?
Which is the state with limited recognition for country of citizenship of Mahmoud Abbas?
What acts as an inspiration for the depiction of Medea about to Kill her Children?
what are thetheorem which start with the letter t
what is PO Box in rijksmuseum?
In what country is the region of Levant?
What is the record label of Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer?
Which is the business that is subsidiary of Twitch?
Give me an energy production unit, that starts with alphabet 'h'.
Which School authors attended Mutations in the DJ-1 gene associated with autosomal recessive early-onset parkinsonism?
which file system starts with the letter z
Which has a dialect depreciated of Korean?
What's the original language for Close Encounters of the Third Kind?
What is the name of the fictional universe described in the cycle of Calpamos ?
Is it true that the market capitalization of Apple equals to 1000000000000?
What is the INDUCKS ID for Marvel Comics?
What is the basin country of Spain which is including Mediterranean Sea?
Where did J. Edgar Hoover earn his Bachelor of Laws degree?
What is Museus.br ID for ão Paulo Museum of Art ?
which was the place of  marriage  and start time  of henry 1 of france was spoused as anne of kiev?
What is PubChem CID for DL-proline ?
Who is the translator of The Jungle Book?
Who replaced the First Lady of the United States Martha Washington?
Who replaced Miguel Díaz-Canel as the Prime Minister of Cuba?
What are the television station  which start with the letter w
What is the name after Reynolds number, who is someone with employment as a civil engineer?
What academic degree did Michael Bloomberg get at Johns Hopkins University?
Nazarbayev has no apparent long-term successor. His decision hit the price of Kazakh bonds, while the London-listed shares of Kazakhstan’s biggest bank, Halyk Bank, tumbled 5 percent. The news also appeared to weigh on the Russian rouble. Moscow is Kazakhstan’s main trade partner.
Which movies were produced by Jim Henson?
Which is record held of Hicham El Guerrouj?
What is the name of the highest peak in Hong Kong?
Which is the AE member ID for Manuel Castells?
"Which party membership from Thomas Nast, named Garrison is located in Washington, D.C.?"
Tell me field of study whose name has the word technology in it.
Who influenced the Ernest Hemingway style of writing ?
Who gave the  {tributary} of {on coast of} of {Cape of Good Hope} ?
Which political party did the Nazi Party follow?
Whose {career} of {film starring} {Late Show with David Letterman} ?
Who is a member of a subitem of the history of Montenegro?
Where is the site of astronomical discovery of Arecibo Observatory?
"Who is {songwriter} of {Symphonie Fantastique}, which has {plays} is {guitar} ?"
What is the official language of the location of the pons?
Which is the trunk prefix for Jordan?
Was Saint Patrick's religion both Christianity and Celtic Christianity?
How many Pokémon browser numbers are there for the {Pikachu} ?
On the list, is Serena Williams the first African-American ethnic group?
What is the genetic association of Maleria
What position does Kevin Rudd hold and when was he elected?
What is Jefferson Davis ' federal state of citizenship?
What type of human research was carried out during World War II?
Who is the character portrayed in 30 Rock by cast member Alec Baldwin portray?
How many signatories were given for the Geneva Conference of 1954?
Name the opera based on Candide.
"What Old English civilization is in the United Kingdom the province of?"
What is the Finnish National Gallery's artist ID for Sol LeWitt?
What is Saxon Academy of Sciences member ID for Hans-Georg Gadamer?
Who is the titleholder of award received of Linkin Park?
What is the AFL Tables ID for Ron Barassi?
IS THE NUMBER OF CYLINDERS OF THE KKSTB 397 EQUALS 2
What country is Cluj-Napoca in, where Matthias Corvinus was born?
What are the public company which start with the letter t
What competitor of Alfred Dellheim is present at Helmut Kohl?
When did the Russian Orthodox Church stop applying to the Soviet Union?
What city does the show "Friends" take place in?
What was Kenneth Branagh nominated Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for?
What is Stephen Hawking's Google Scholar author ID?
Did Al Franken attend Harvard and Blake?
what is historical country of monarchy of basic form of government and also which starts with letter  sultanate
When Audra McDonald was awarded Tony Award for Best Featured Actress in a Play?
What did the treaty discuss during the ending of the Soviet Union?
What are the opera which start with the letter z
Can you let me know the inflation rate of consumer price index of the work location of Raja Ravi Varma?
What is Mount Rushmore's Vanderkrogt.net Status ID?
Who is the first minister of American Gothic?
Which singer has had the greatest number of children?
What is the twinned administrative city of Chicago?
What is the coined amount of oxygen, that has the member of its Royal Society?
Who is the role model of Alan Hollingburst whose language native is English?
What is the geography of Yosemite Falls National Park?
Who did Laszlo Papp lose to?
Who is the doctoral advisor of Fritz Haber?
What was Barbra Streisand nominated for during her work in The Way We Were?
Which is the headquarters location for Tokyo Institute of Technology?
Which volcano has the most topographic isolation?
What's the National Heritage List for England for Windsor Castle?
What are the colors of the members of Uwe Ronneburger ?
Which maximum block cipher describes the Performance Evaluation of DES and Blowfish Algorithms?
What is the Douban film ID of Grease?
What religion starts with the letter "y"?
What district does the problem we all live with stem from?
What group/organisation location does ZIP+4 falls in?
Which  subsidiary company of developed by MP3?
Tell me  occupation whose name has the word whistle blower in it.
What is astronomical filter for Messier object?
What awards has champion Jack Nicholson won?
What is in the shire of Anhui, where the title of the head of government is Premier of the People's Republic of China?
Name an aircraft model asembled in Hamburg that contains the word "a320" in its name
How many defendants were there in the Nuremberg trials?
When did Sanath Jayasuriya leave the membership of the Sri Lanka national cricket team?
Who is the leader of Venice?
Which is the trigonometric function that contains the word versine in it's name?
What taxon is produced by coral?
What is the extreme point west next to Rome?
What are the historical country which start with the letter russia
Where did William Henry Harrison die and where was he buried?
Which is the Eurohockey.com player ID of Mario Lemieux?
Tell me the republic that is the administrative territorial entity of Mizoram.
Tell me where Jawaharlal Nehru was educated and what academic degree he holds.
When did Akseli Gallen-Kallela begin studying at the Academy of Fine Arts of Helsinki?
Is the number of wins of the Zaur Kasumov fewer than 7.2?
Which kid of Rudolph I of Germany has the peerage Duke ?
As described by Brockhaus and Efron Encyclopedic Dictionary, what is the unit of length for the smallest conversion to a standard unit?
For which work Bertrand Tavernier was nominated for BAFTA Award for Best Film Not in the English Language?
Who is the author of foreword of Jimmy Wales?
Who is Charles Darwin's child?
Where was Jeff Bezo educated at, and what was his academic degree?
WHICH IS THE ILID OF DOG
who is painter of dilbert that his last name is adams
are the national team caps of the juan campomar equal to 26?
What is the native language of the Circassians?
What is the working life museum with the lowest lighthouse range whose source of energy is rapeseed oil ?
Who is the co-founder of the university that Scott McCartney attended?
Which is place served by transport hub of Beijing Capital International Airport ?
Which is the grammatical case of Telugu?
Who is the inventor of the power station whose output is measured by the kilowatt hour?
who actress of series of the deep dive ?
"What is candidate of {Venus Williams}, that has {boss} is {Monica Seles} ?"
What is the name of the Rutherford scattering that has Alexander William Bickerton as a mentor?
Which artery supplies blood to the stomach?
Is the Poisson's ration of titanium equal to 0.32?
Which is the topic's main category for pottery?
Name the island with the longest distance from the river mouth from Oryahovo Municipality
Which is the decay width of Higgs boson?
What is Cluj-Napoca's JewishGen Locality ID?
What is Esperanto's song anthem ?
Does Bonar Law have any genetic association to ADH1B? and can you die from it?
Which language families are studied by linguistics?
Which is the construction date of the development of JPEG?
Which is the danskfilmogtv person ID for Patricia Arquette?
What is the name of the moon for the planet Pluto?
Where is the principal place of things happening in the Pomperaug River?
who artistic genre of label of time remembers One time Once ?
What medication is used to treat cocaine addiction
how many lakes run to the ottawa river?
What is Ian McKellen's gender and sexual orientation?
Is the London Bridge a bascule bridge?
For what did Alan Rickman was in nomination at the MTV Movie Awards for Best Villain?
What position did Peggy Whitson hold as an ISS Expedition Commander?
Who is the author of foreword of A Brief History of Time?
what are the rebellion which start with the letter w
Who married a contestant of Mussorgysky?
Which sovereign state has the highest central government debt as a percent of GDP?
When was the Kingdom of Castile established?
Is Monopoly's publishing house the parent company of Playskool Inc.?
Is Amedeo Maiuri and Ettore Pais  excavation directors of Pompeii
Who is Mersenne Prime's alias whose first name is Marin?
What is area code of the admin HQ of the New York Stock Exchange ?
What gene is associated with colorectal cancer by a genome-wide association study?
What award did Elisabeth Shue receive for the film Leaving Las Vegas?
In what country and sovereign state did the Watergate Scandal occur?
Which means {type locality (geology)} on{forsterite} ?
What Empire used to have Istanbul as its capital ?
What anatomical branch is the bronchus located in?
Who is the mascot of Alan I. Bigel's faculty?
How many tracklists are there for nevermind?
Where and what did Jodie Foster study?
Which nonprofit organization has the largest member count?
Who was nominated for the Nobel Prize in Physics for their discovery of the Chandasekhar limit?
Of those treated by nadolol, who has died from Bumpy Johnson?
Which is the double record of Rod Laver?
At the 26th Academy Awards, what was John Houseman nominated for?
Give the name of periodical literature published for Social Democratic Party of Germany?
What position did Jean Chrétien hold before being replaced by Gerald Regan?
What is the art-name of Kang Youwei in traditional Chinese characters?
Who won the Academy Award for Best Writing, Adapted Screenplay for The Best Years of Our Lives?
What is a subsidiary of Lamont-Doherty Earth Observatory that is a private, non-profit educational institution with the word "Columbia" in its name?
Who is succeeded by a competitor of Hundred Days Offensive?
Which is the bibliographic LCOC LCCN for Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society?
What is preceded by the Emirate of Sicily, which is on the continent of Europe?
What position was held by John Major and what year was he elected in?
Where do Indra Nooyi works for, whose parent company is Tropicana Products?
What is the sister city of Ponce that includes the county seat of Aragon?
What is the Bandcamp ID of Bikini Kill?
When and where did Rajinikanth marry Latha Rajinikanth?
What is the Class II combustible liquid with the highest autoignition temperature?
Who is the godmother of Best Moment ESPY award winner?
who Q48460 of topic  of history of minnesota ?
What country is David Ricardo a citizen of?
who found the  office held  by head  of the  organisation of  communist party  of india?
Which is the date of official opening for Royal Academy of Arts?
which star is companion of Alpha Centauri B and have least proper motion?
What are measures for tide?
Where is {landscape of} {significant works} of {Henry Raeburn} ?
What is the Internet Standard of Internet Protocol version 6?
What type of material can be used in the atmosphere of Mars?
What is the IPTC Newscode of cartoon?
What is it?
Do the visitors per year of the Pateniemi Sawmill Museum equal 802?
Which sculpture has the most horizontal depth ?
Where can I find the Digital Valencian Librarian author ID in Valencia?
Which is the time of spacecraft orbit decay of Galileo?
What is the iTunes App Store developer id of Google?
How many goals did Mia Hamm score for the team magicJack intalae?
Where these Neuilly-sur-Seine lived in?
Montevideo is the capital of what state?
What is the favorite player protrayed by Dead Prez's music?
Give the Android one smartphone that has the lowest memory capacity.
Which is the consolidated code of the electronic catalog of libraries of Belarus for Saxony-Anhalt?
What product is made with the Twitter API?
Which bank has the most assets under management?
Who is the chairman of Winston Field?
Which is the astronomical filter of visible spectrum?
What is the equivalent of Vice Admiral that has the NATO code for grade OF-8?
Name the commune of Iguacu Falls, which contains Janiopolis?
Did the movie The Godfather Part II include Gastone Moschin and Leopoldo Trieste as cast members?
What is ZIP+4 narrative set in Singin' to the Rain?
What award Pavel Kolobkov received at Fencing at the 2000 Summer Olympics – Men's épée?
Which player has consequence of Serbian Nationality?
Tell me atmospheric optical phenomenon whose name has the word subsun in it.
Who is the central bank/issuer for the International Monetary Fund?
What is the ChEBI ID for L-Histidine
When does Bydgoszcz begin and end daylight saving time?
Is Kuala Lumpur the state of Malaysia
Who is the advisor informed by Richard Dawkins?
Was Malcolm X born in Omaha?
Is it true that the length of Kutelo is 0
What alphabet does Ancient Greek use?
How many sports are played in CSKA Moscow?
Which is the business for which the chief executive officer is Warren Buffett?
What fictional character was created by Shigeru Miyamoto?
Is the life expectancy of Luxembourg equal to 65.834144?
What is {child of} of {has brother} of {Cao Hua} ?
What is the qualifier for event of UEFA Champions League?
Is the electric dipole moment of isopropyl alcohol greater than 1.992?
What position was held by Janet Yellen at the London School of Economics?
When was Anita Brookner nominated for the Man Booker Prize?
Who is the namesake of the Rutherford model whose doctoral student is David Shoenberg?
What is Spotify album ID  for OK Computer
What is the Urdu language book?
When did Alcide De Gasperi take on his role as the head of the Italian government?
What is maintained by Bild?
Where did the significant works of Giannino Castiglioni take place?
Who caused the death and the honoring of Achilles?
Who is a relative to Tokugawa Ieyasu ?
What are the professions in the association of football?
Is it true Richard_III_of_England family Tudor dynasty and House of York?
What is the Elo rating for Judit Polgar?
IS THE REDSHIRT OF THE NGC 5907 GREATER THAN 0.00267
Is it true that M sin i of WASP-121b equals to 1.183?
When did Ngũgĩ wa Thiong'o begin working at the University of Nairobi?
What is a Christian name of Kate Hudson, that is the same as Katarzyna?
Which is the intangible cultural heritage status of Day of the Dead?
Is the redshift of the Messier 74 equal to 0.002188?
Which is published in the series of Shin Megami Tensei: Devil Survivor?
Is Sohail Khan the sibling of Salman Khan?
What is the dialect of the Hebrew religion?
who has boroughs of diplomatic relation of brazil ?
who federal state for indigenous to of american english?
When did Mikhail Baryshnikov become a citizen of Canada?
Is 22 the frequency of the sky Polarization Observatory?
who is the astronomical observatory for operator of California Institute of technology?
What is the cosmic microwave background experiment with the lowest maximum wavelength of sensitivity whose operator is National Science Foundation ?
Is the Battle of Mukden and the Russian Empire a significant event in World War I?
Which is the constitutional republic for the anthem of The Star-Spangled Banner?
Who is wedded to Cindy Crawford, whose award is the Golden Globe Award for Best Actor - Motion Picture Musical or Comedy?
Name a national economy that contains the word " economy" in its name
Who is the grandnephew of Sixtus IV?
What is Die Hard's LdiF ID?
where and what did Zaha Hadid study?
What is OWGR ID of Phil Mickelson?
Which is the Canal-U person ID for Daniel Schneidermann?
Is the number of representatives in an organization/legislature of the Westmorland and Lonsdale equal to 1?
When did Elgin Baylor receive the award for All-NBA Team?
What is the pronunciation audio of sweet potato whose language of work or name is French?
What is successor of String Quintet in E major, Op.11, No.5?
Who is the archdiocese in Barcelona?
What disease does RS-methadone treat
What are the belligerents in the American Revolutionary War, who have divided into Cantabria?
Able to speak Ukrainian, what is Taras Shevchenko famous for?
How many shares border with the San Juan Province?
Is the radius of the Altair equal to 2.04?
Which year was Juliette Binoche nominated in the European Film Award for Best Actress?
The muscle insertion of clavicle is ?
Tell me event sequence whose name has the word wikidach in it.
Which is the category for people who died here of Shizuoka Prefecture?
What revolves around Messier 15?
Who are the contesting divisions in "Clash of Champions" ?
At what point in time was Jason Robards nominated for the Tony Award for Best Actor in a Play?
Name the designation being held accountable by John Jay while being as the United states ambassador
What is an SI Base unit that starts with the letter s.
What is the significance of the sons of Richard Wilhelm?
Beechland Beach is located in what town?
Which member of The Smiths originates from a place that has a sister town named Córdoba?
What book has gospels and is in Old English?
Which is {terminating connection location} of {terminating connection} of {Nagano Prefectural Road Route 395} ?
The Store norske leksikon ID of Brahmagupta is?
Who is the manufacturer of My Little Pony?
Which person is Noether's theorem named after, whose culture is German?
How many things did Juventus F.C. found?
What is the chemical structure of polypropylene?
Is it true that the median lethal dose of the arsenic equals to 20?
The Magic Flute is music composed by which artist, who has a mother named Anna Maria Mozart?
When did Charlton Heston receive the Golden Globe Cecil B. DeMille Award?
What is the parent company of British Airways that uses AMOS?
Name a famous military offensive operation that starts with letter O
Is the time in space of Jan Davis greater than 32357.6?
WHEN DID THE SPALDEEN ESTABLISHED AND BUILT?
What summit is Rio Bravo filmed at?
Which railroad line that connects with Novosibirsk and which contains the word railway in their name
What sports team plays for Garrincha and how many matches did they play?
What award did Leymah Gbowee receive in 2011 related to the Nobel Peace Prize?
What is the name of a dwarf planet that starts with the letter p.
Who is the leader of the nominee for The Heiress
What is it?
Is the frequency of the Bangladesh Football Premier League less than 0.8?
Which is the IATA airport code for O'Hare International Airport?
What is the date that Hal Holbrook received a nomination?
At what age can males and females in Saint Lucia marry?
What was Jim Dale nominated for in the 51st Tony Awards?
Which means {Scoville grade} in a {bell pepper} ?
Who are the employees of WIlliam Blackstone?
What is the electoral district for French National Assembly member Nicolas Sarkozy.
Which is the original network of the Teletubbies?
What is the patron saint of work of Gavan Herlihy ?
Is the trading fee of Preply less than 26.4?
What is the birthplace of Harald III?
WHICH IS THE LICENCE OF PLATFORMS OF FIFA
Which female holds the record in pole vaulting?
What was the award Tom Hanks received for his work in Philadelphia?
What are the types of the official language of Turkic Khaganate ?
What is the alphabet of the language of expression by Nicholas Biddle?
When was Edinburgh founded in the United Kingdom?
What gravitational-wave detector contains the word "virgo" in its name?
Which is the university building for the location of the headquarters of University College London?
who is the member of sports team and where is the position played on team / speciality of Dwyane_Wade?
When did Garfield Sobers become a member of the West Indies cricket team?
When did member of sports team of  Bobby Moore and number of points/goals/set scored?
Is it true that the water footprint of the beef is greater than 13380.8?
What municipality of Catalonia, that is located in Bages,  is the most populated?
Which chlorine-containing flammable liquid is the least soluble ?
Which is the Roman praenomen for Ovid?
Is it true that the number of speakers of Esperanto equals to 2000?
Which triple point drug has the highest heat capacity ?
Joe Biden was educated at which religious school?
when did Daniel Dennett receive the Erasmus Prize?
Is the wikidata time precion of the day more than 13.2?
What genetic association of Alzheimers disease is determined by TAS?
What part of work studies the effects of acute total body resistance exercise on hormonal and cytokines changes in men and women?
when did george armitage miller received te award of international prize by fyssen foundation?
tell me version, edition, or translation that edition or translation of Bible starts with s
who is the academic degree and student of Pope_Francis?
Which is the programming paradigm of Swift?
Which is the dead language that was replaced by Dutch?
Which is the legal status (medicine) of acetaminophen?
Is the decomposition point of the calcium carbonate equal to 2442?
What is Mikhail Bakunin's Grave memorial ID?
Is it true that the urban population of Aswapuram mandal equals to 0?
when did Chris Evert change there name from Christine?
"Who is the musical score in Symphony No. 9, that graduated from the University of Music and Performing Arts in Vienna?"
Who replaced Lal Bahadur Shastri as the Minister of Home Affairs?
"Who is {artist} of {Amazing Grace}, whose {Christian name} is {Whitney} ?"
What monotypic taxon contains the word "trogloraptoridae" in its name?
Which is the ATCvet for erythromycin?
Who is the role model of Anthony Giddens and Baron Giddens?
Which is the AGORHA person/institution ID for Claude Monet?
Who is the rector of the University of Helsinki?
Which canal has the largest discharge?
What is the cheapest office building in the United States ?
What is the standard edition of the IP4?
Who is the co-founder of Rolls-Royce India Private Limited?
Are the total assists in Tim Ramholt's career less than 0?
Which is the Catholic Encyclopedia ID for Francesco Redi?
Which country has Lockheed Martin's headquarters located in Bethesda?
What are the parent and source taxons of Almond?
Who gave the {stockholders} of {builder} of {EMD GP39-2} ?
Who is the head of party membership of Lynn Boylan?
What is the name of the composer of the music used in Blade Runner?
What is the elevation above sea level for Hidalgo, whose highest point is Cerro La Penuela?
Where is the place of formation of Clannad that has the associated people from Gweedore?
What is the temporal range start and the parent taxon of Animal ?
What was Dan Aykroyd nominated for and what award did he receive?
Did Jason Momoa and Miguel Ferrer perform in Aquaman?
For what work was Tim Burton's Corpse Bride in nomination?
What are the ideology which start with the letter w
Is the residence time of water of Lake Michigan greater than 79.2?
Where did Natalie Portman go to college and what was her major?
Which is the territory of Australia that has New Year's Day as public holiday and whose name contains the word territory?
What Phil Dawson play as a  team member?
What is the message of Gaia?
Which is the political catch phrase that applies to the jurisdiction of the United States of America and that contains the word destiny in it's name?
Which is the WorldCat Registy ID for Library of Congress?
When did Ismail Kadare and Helena Kadare marry?
Who is the {human} for {significant person} of {Sigmund Freud}
Was Don_Rickles given name Ronald and Jay?
What college uses the Russia language?
When did member of sports team of Giuseppe Meazz and number of matches played?
The skerry with highest focal height is?
Was Paul Erdos a doctoral student?
When did the Tang dynasty end for Sichuan?
What is posthumous name of the Jiajing Emperor ?
Does the Odyssey have the characters Mentor and a Greek primordial deity?
Anatoly Karpov has how many title of chess players
Which is the ethnic group of the religion of Druze?
Name the poem which comprises of Rama as the character
which television station that manager/director bob lger and which contains the word american in their name
What is the special municipality association of Germany with headquarters location at Aachen?
How much chemical structure are for oxytocin?
What is Sportbox.ru ID of Lionel Messi?
Who is the contestant of part of the series by Edward Mordrake?
Futurama takes place in which fictional universe?
What is the Transfermarkt referee ID of Pierluigi Colinna?
To what sports team does Eddy Merckx belong?
Who gave the {type of taxon} of {taxon parent} of {Chlorophyta} ?
What is Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge's Fast ID?
Who is patron saint of Holy Spirit?
Who is the child of the father of Hamengkubuwono V?
Was Hugh Laurie given name James and Calum?
Which reptile is located in Finland?
What is the population of Qena Governorate which has determination method as census?
Which is the public office that George Weah held a position in?
What is the sex or gender and the religion of Eddie_Izzard ?
Tell me Devi whose name has the word vindhyavasini in it.
Larry Flynt is editor of which magazine?
Dorothy Garrod replaced Grahame Clark in what position?
What is the farthest the Max Planck Institute for Solar System Research telescope can see?
What is the audio pronounced using rotisserie?
What awards has Clint Eastwood received?
What comes after a decimal that has a radix of 9?
Who is the CEO of Qantas?
Tell me about the grand duchies located in the Weimar Republic.
Who is the husband of the author of the book Goldilocks?
Is  0 the length of the Kulin kamik?
Jan Steen has what famous painting?
Which is the translator for John Dryden?
What is the sovereign state of the sign language of Jean-Francois Lyotard?
What is in the principal area of Bouvet Island that is also a member of the Group on Earth Observations?
What are the lands surrounding East Asia named?
Which constellation is the star HD 75289 b a part of?
What film comes before Silent Descent EP?
What unit of measurement starts with the letter "v"?
When did social movement for influenced by of Richard Dawkins?
Which sovereign state replaced Czechoslovakia?
What is the language typology of Mikhail Bakunin?
What is bridgehunter.com ID for Brooklyn Bridge ?
What are the food additive which start with the letter wax
What is the name of the steel bridge constructed by Irving Morrow which has the word "bridge" in its name?
What did Ruth Prawer Jhabvala win Academy Award for Best Writing, Adapted Screenplay for?
Which is the INRAN Italian Food ID for peanut butter?
Which is Elonet movie ID for The Silence of the Lambs?
Is it true that the mean age of Aldersgate is greater than 54.6?
What location displaying the Coat of arms of Vyazma is the birthplace of Boris Godunov?
What is the name of the neutrino quantum particle?
What Opera did Pyotr Ilyish Tchaikovsky compose for
What is ICD-10  for skin cancer
What is the strain with the lowest maximum viable temperature whose biosafety level is biosafety level 1?
When did animated character for characters of The Lion King?
What award did Kathy Bates receive in the 63rd Academy Awards?
What are the fairy tale which start with the letter w
who is the member of Michel Platini sports team and how many did points/goals/set score?
Is the isospin z-component of the triton equal to -0.6?
What is Filmweb.pl id of Lyudmila Gurchenko?
What is the sister or brother of Xerxes whose child is Darius I of Persia?
What is different to Symphony No. 5 whose succession is Louie, Louie Go Home?
What is the list of monument at the Aït Benhaddou?
What is total fertility rate for national  of Richard Sears ?
What is the date of first performance of Turandot whose cast member is Miguel Burró Fleta?
What award did William Gibson receive for his work on Distrust That Particular Flavor?
Is the observing time available of the Extremely Large Telescope equal to 320?
When did The Return of the Prodigal Son have significant sales?
When was julian Huxley as chairperson of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization?
How much is the net profit earned by Alphabet Inc.?
What significant event in Jeff Bezos's career started as an accident?
Which mythological Greek character was killed by Apollo?
What is the capital city in the village of Teknaf Upazila?
What is the Aarne-Thompson-Uther Tale Type Index number for Little Red Riding Hood?
What is the death day of the William Herschel} ?
Racial discrimination differs from xenophobia in some crucial ways, name another related action which differs from xenophobia.
Is the number of victims of killer of the 1980 Ispaster attack equal to 4.8?
When did Roberto Carlos start at the Brazil national football team?
Which is the AllMusic album ID for Appetite for Destruction?
Name the order of temporal magnitude with the largest conversion to SI units ?
Which is the Classification of Instructional Programs code of geography?
Was John D. Rockefeller a Baptist?
Who gave the {historic era} of {mountain system} of {Retezat Mountains} ?
Is it true that the upper flammable limit of acetone is greater than 15.36?
What TV serie is produced by David Duchovny ?
What work did Satyajit Ray receive the National Film Award for Best Non-Feature Film for ?
What are the formulas that contain the word "zinsstaffel" in their name ?
WHICH IS THE ESTATES OF THE REALM THAT CONTAINS THE WORD PEASANT IN THEIR NAME
Which package management system do Androids use?
What is the opposite of summer?
"Who are the {creators} of {Colossus of Rhodes}, whose's {career} is {builder}?"
Which director attended Sir Maurice Levy, 1st Baronet?
Who is the voice dubber of the World Wide Recorder Concert series?
Who is Joseph Liouville's employer and what is his start time?
Did Mel Brooks received an award with Laurence Olivier Award for Best Actor in a Musical and Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Lyrics?
Which association football club is Zinedine Zidane a member of?
Is it true that the maximum gradient of the Bavarian Forest Railway equals to 12.5?
When did spouse of Lindsey Vonn and end cause?
what is the chief executive of the label of pearl jam?
Who owns F.C Porto
Is it true that there is only one season for the Girl from Tomorrow?
Who gave the{AWLD status} of {languages of expression} of {Patton Oswalt} ?
What US city is the sister city of Nagasaki?
Who was the manager of the team Jimmy Carruth played for?
How many record labels are owned by Gordon Lightfoot?
What electoral district is Henry Campbell-Bannerman who held the Member of the 26th Parliament of the United Kingdom position?
Name an free application written in PHP.
Is Sean Connery a member of the Gaels ethnic group?
What is the taxon data of this milk?
Is the pitting resistance equivalent number of the SAE 316L stainless steel less than 33.6?
What is the place of birth and country of citizenship of Paris Hilton?
Name a moon of uranus
When was Theodor Herzl buried in Dobling?
Which is {partner town} of {Indian reservation} {Delhi Public Library} ?
How many licence plate code does Moscow has?
Name the person who built Burj Khalifa
Which is IPHAN ID for Christ the Redeemer?
When was Naha twinned with Fuzhou?
How is the population of the Cook Islands determined?
who are sons of the actress of The Silent Enemy ?
Which is the flash point for malathion?
What exchange does the designer of x86 use?
What is the parent taxon and the habitat of Streptococcus?
When did the Isle of Wight stop being a country in the Kingdom of England?
What was Bernardo Bertolucci's The Last Emperor nominated for?
Was Carmelo Anthony nominated for BET Award for athlete of the year?
What is the title of the followers of lyracist Khandana Bhava-Bandhana?
Which is the print run (DEPRECATED) of La Vanguardia?
Harold Wilson was elected in what year and to what position?
What is the family rank of Charles Hawker?
Who replaced Vittorio Emanuele Orlando as minister of Justice of the Kingdom of Italy?
?
Tell me which is the royal or noble rank which applies to jurisdiction of Ancient Egypt and starts with the letter p?
What is Nice's twinned administrative body and where is the administrative territorial entity located?
What is the record held for pole vault?
Who co-founded the building of the Fender Cyclone?
What is the Indian reservation of Kaliningrad Oblast, that has local government areas including Udmurt Republic?
when is the {start time} for {George Soros which has {spouse} as {Annaliese Witschak} ?
Which the supranational organisation of the legislative body of European Parliament?
What award do Jessye Norman and champion Judith Jamison both have?
Which is the BNA authority ID for Eugène Sue?
Which is the OlimpBase Chess Olympiad player ID for Bobby Fischer?
What honours is solved by prime number theorem?
Which earthquake had the highest magnitude on the Mercalli intensity scale with a scale of 11?
Which is the BirdLife International ID for Dodo?
Tell me  area of mathematics  whose name has the word  trigonometry in it.
Name an amulet associated with Ancient Egypt.
is the female population of southern moreton bay islands equal to 0?
What is the event location of the Battle of the Atlantic, which has a tributary of River Pol?
tell me virtue that starts with w
What is the ART UK artist ID of Han van Meegeren?
When did Helen Caldicott receive the award for Victorian Honour Roll of Women?
What legislature subject is different from tripartite classification of authority?
What is the absolute viscosity of hydrogen cyanide?
"Who is {born in} of {George Santayana} where the {partner city} is in {San Juan}?"
Name a film crew member from Beauty and the Beast.
What is the name of the company that produces Windows 7?
Did {Thomas Hobbes} is {employer} of {Anthony Ashley Cooper, 1st Earl of Shaftesbury} and {Caleb Banks} ?
TELL ME BASEBALL TEAM WHOSE NAME HAS THE WORD AGUILAS IN IT.
What is the platform for Amstrad CPC?
How was the murder method of Wilfrid Laurier treated?
Who is the prosecutor of Artemisia Gentileschi?
Mauricio Macri is the head of government for what sovereign state?
What year did Renaud Lavillenie hold the record for pole vault?
which is  mirrors data from of Wikipedia ?
Who is Kajol's mother and spouse?
What is the The Reptile Database ID for Agkistrodon piscivorus?
What is the taxon parent of B95a's species?
Tell me me a dog  whose name consist of the word "balto" and whose exhibition history Cleveland Museum of Natural History
How many matches did Eusébio play for the New Jersey Americans?
What monuments were made in the Return of the Prodigal Son?
Which is the manifestation that runs on Feh?
What tunic does Heracles wear?
Is it true that the number of participants in the 1969 CONCACAF Championship was more than 4.8?
What is on the coast of Antrim on the Sado River?
Which is the BMRB ID of ethanol?
What is the play of UEFA Champions League whose governing body is FIFA?
How many crew members work for Skylab?
Is the nominal GDP of Ghana equal to 47330016342.5734?
What is the instance of fluorine that is followed by neon?
Which is the medication that is found in taxon of Homo Sapiens and contains the word tyrosine in it's name?
What is Charlemagne's title and followed by?
What facility is operated by the subsidiary of Qantas Freight?
which countries of the country seat of Caracas?
what invention did the nobel prize winner in physics create?
That language follows the Middle English?
Wich means  {IHSI ID} in{Port-au-Prince} ?
What what is sports league season starts April and also which starts with letter i
Knowing about his signs of memory loss that disrupts daily life, what is the disability of Paddy Roy Bates?
Is the magnification of ZF 3x8 greater than 3.6 ?
What is {located in time zone} of {Mönchengladbach} which is {valid in period} is {standard time} ?
What do humans in the field of work leprosy do for a living?
Which means{streak color} at the color {gray} ?
What are the lawn game which start with the letter ladder
what is fairy tale contains the word witch in their name
When was Hartmut Mehdorn appointed a director at Deutsche Bahn?
What is the zip code for Ford's headquarters in Dearborn?
Which is the {list of characters} and the {characters} of {Breaking_Bad} ?
What is the parent taxon of Chrysanthemum?
"Which is {on shore of} of {Conakry}, that has {tributary} is {Ribeira da Janela} ?"
Who is the parent of Shunzhi Emperor, who has a child named Bombogor?
Tell me cuisine whose name has the word zosui in it.
What is the eponym of O'Hare International Airport that has a sister city, Vilnius?
What is recently deceased R. H. Tawney's PIN Code?
IS THE STSTED AGE AT EVENT OF RYDER EQUALS 8.0
When was the Academy award received by Emil Jannings for Best Actor?
Which is the twin city of London?
Which is the zoological name is coordinate with Sciuridae?
What are the life style which start with the letter warrior
What is the coordinate location of Ghent University which has its headquarters located in Ghent?
To whom did Chrissie Hynde get married and when did it end?
Which is the number of missing for 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami?
What is George Blanda's speciality as a member of the sports team, Oakland Raiders
Which is {parent range} of {highest peak} of {Federal District} ?
What are the triple star system which start with the letter polaris
"Which is {language of work} of {Million Dollar Extreme}, that has {AWLD status} is {1 safe} ?"
Which stock exchange is the NASDAQ on?
which is place of birth of fatimah that is located in the administrative territorial entity is hejaz?
What is the parent taxon of Canidae and where is it's habitat?
Which is the Global Trade Item Number of Coca-Cola?
When did the Walt Disney Company win the Public Eye Award?
What is the outcome of painting of the lord Cochrane ?
What is the Enciclopedia Itau Cultural ID of Rainer Werner Fassbinder?
What Academy Award was Javier Bardem nominated for?
Who did William Holden marry in Las Vegas?
Which is the Hall of Valor ID of Douglas MacArthur?
Does George Lucas net worth equal to 5000000000
Which is the metallicity for Messier 13?
Is the number of matches played/races/starts by Sean McMorrow equal to 0.8?
Who gave the{total area} of {place of foundation} of {Carrefour} ?
What countries participated in the Cuban Missile Crisis?
What is BBC programme ID of Béla Bartók?
Is the longest span of the Sallingsund Bridge greater than 74.4?
Which is the manifestation for human body?
Is the metallicity of the Messier 107 equal to -1.04?
What is the field of craft of Richard Ayoade?
Is the box office of The Room equal to 1800?
When did Charles Coburn receive an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor?
What is the e-teatr.pl ID for Olga Tokarczuk?
IS THE NUMBER OF ELEVATORS OF THE HOTEL UKRAYINA GREATER THAN 4.8
What is the named after and the child astronomical body of Andromeda_Galaxy ?
What is the Pinterest username for Marie Claire?
Who was the nominee for Dr. Strangelove's nomination for the Academy Award for Best Writing of an Adapted Screenplay?
What kid of Francis I of Austria was born in Vienna?
Who is the person that was the mother of Giacomo Casanova?
Who is Anna Akhmatova's spouse and why did the marriage end?
Who was the Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport named after?
When did Steve Waugh stop playing on the team for Ireland?
What is the official recorded song used during the British Rule in Burma?
What is the federal holidays in the the United States of America that starts with the letter T
What continent is Dehradun's county seat in?
What are the cable channel which start with the letter o
Where is the operating area of the Midlands?
What is the adjacent station for Oregon City?
who academic discipline for field of work of noam chomsky?
What is the Class IC flammable liquid with the highest no-observed-adverse-effect level whose instance of is Class IC flammable liquid ?
What {applies to territorial jurisdiction} of {political seat} for {Jayalalithaa} ?
What is the name of the road maintained by the city of Las Vegas?
How many visitors per year are there to the Field Museum of Natural History?
When does the position of Jordan Peterson as postdoctoral researcher end?
What is Charles Arnold Anderson's academic subject of expertise?
Who are the subsidiary entities who build the Xbox 360?
What is the time difference between the US and North Korea?
What is the product, material and sound produced by Human?
Which is the magazine founded by Oprah Winfrey?
What island nation  has highest marriage age ?
What is Dick Butkus' pro-football-reference ID?
Is there 180000 players on the women's rugby league in Australia?
Which comarca of Catalonia has the highest nominal GDP?
Who is the {human} for {relative} of {Julius Caesar}
Tell me disease  whose name has the word wart in it.
Which is the Florentine musea Inventario 1890 ID for The Birth of Venus?
Who is the designer of the theme Tupolev Tu-80?
What is the Skyscraper Center building complete ID for the Rockefeller Center?
n/a
What organization is the highest authority in snooker ?
which has fruit type and taxon is source of Cashew?
What is the ALPG golfer ID for Karrie Webb?
Which is the tabular population for Taipei?
What is the subject of a mathematical problem that has a list values union as qualifiers?
"What is the eponym of Visegrád Group, whose border by is Dömös?"
Which is the profession for the field of occupation of Rugby?
What position did James Matheson hold as a Member of the 15th Parliament of the United Kingdom?
What is the { ordinary series } for { David d'Angers } as { Jean }?
What is the between of the takes part of Lin Dan ?
Which is the city of the twinned administrative body of Thessaloniki?
What is {end time} and {start time} of {{Boeing 747} has {operator} as {Air Algérie}} ?
Which is the IPI name number for Paul McCartney?
Who are the writers of Parzival that craft this poem?
which is the start time for Gomel has twinned administrative body as Solomianka Raion?
What is theaviation accident with the lowest number of injured whose instance of is aviation accident ?
Does Tomi Pettinen have zero career assists?
Which is the Gene Ontology ID for plastid?
What is the absolute lowest point that is in Doggerland?
What company took over the Garrick Theatre, Southport?
who is student of Natsume Sōseki ?
What is the lowest profit automobile marque whose stock exchange is NASDAQ.
What is the country whose leader is Donald Trump ?
What is Allbreedpedigree ID forNorthern Dancer ?
Name the person who killed highest number of people?
Name the Crossover which sold maximum units?
What is the official language of the Parthian Empire?
How many artists made the storyboards for The Lion King?
Is the age of consent in Catalonia over 19.2?
What is the death location of Vercingetorix that has borders with Mentana?
What award was received by Ang Lee for his/her work in the Wedding Banquet?
Which is the KldB-2010 occupation code of the prosecutor?
Did {Henry_Ford} {receive} {Order of the German Eagle award } and {Louisa Gross Horwitz Prize} ?
Who is the writer of The Sandman, that has significant works including The Graveyard Book?
What is the angular acceleration of wurvoc.org
What position held by Philip Stanhope, 4th Earl of Chesterfield was replaced by Thomas Pelham-Holles, 1st Duke of Newcastle-upon-Tyne?
What is the human population and diplomatic relations of Brunei?
What is the Yahoo Answers category for Facebook?
What is the point in time that Nicolaus Cusanus was made cardinal by the Holy Roman Church?
What is a mug made put of?
Name the Wikimedia categorization for the employees of the Princeton University organization.
what is the history of topic and the geography of topic of  korea?
What was the underlying cause of the medical specialty of Peter B. Bennett?
What is the theme and unit symbol of newton?
When did Charles Lyell hold the position of  President of the Geological Society of London?
When did the marriage of Rocío Dúrcal and Antonio Morales Barretto end?
What is the proportion for potassium-40 before it decays to argon-40?
who Wikimedia category for category of associated people of Bucharest?
What is an SI derived unit that starts with the letter w.
Which District Councils of Hong Kong has the largest number of Constituencies?
What is the science of the study of Bengali literature?
What was Richard Harris nominated for because of his performance in Gladiator?
How is Structured Query Language managed?
Which is the game mode of The Elder Scrolls?
Where is a painting of Alexandre Cabanel?
What are the subsidiary entities of the loyalty of Larossi Abballa?
When did Haruki Murakami receive the World Fantasy Award for Best Novel?
Which  is anthem} of Kenya ?
How many health specialties are there for the deficit hyperactivity disorder} ?
n/a
Which cultivar has the highest Scoville grade?
Which Parisian cemetery has the highest number of graves?
What is the unit of length that starts with the letter 'z'?
What is Stephen III of Moldavia's middle name, which has a Latin script?
what is  codon represented for encodes of L -Argine?
What was the kinship of Ella Fitzgerald's child Ray Brown, Jr.?
what is london borough starts with l
What are the alternatives to using CO2 snow cleaning?
When was Alastair Cook was relieved from the sports team Bedfordshire county cricket club?
What is the title of the head of the Commonwealth of Nations?
Which second-level administrative country subdivision shares a border with Hamburg?
Which is the trademarked record label of 50 Cent?
Which memorial cemetery has the largest number of graves out of all memorial cemeteries?
What is the position held by Urho Kekkonen who replaces Ralf Törngren?
"What is {developed by} of {Nintendo 3DS}, which has {chief operating officer} is {Reggie Fils-Aime} ?"
Is the data size of the Atom greater than 344.0?
Tell me  system whose name has the word vendian  in it.
What is member of crew   cosmonaut mission of Oleg Kononenko ?
Which is the executive body of Central Tibetan Administration?
Which is the Literature Ireland ID for John Banville?
What are the close combat weapon  which start with the letter y
What treats disease and is used for treatment of leiomyoma ?
What is the significance of Vladimir Nabokov, whose bibliographic citation is Possessed?
Who is the {skyscraper} for {based on} of {Flatiron Building}
What is the name for someone who participates in theater
WHO IS THE BROTHER OF URSULE-CATHERINE-FRANCOISE SIEYES WIVES?
Which is the Oxford Dictionary of National Biography ID of Arthur Henderson?
Tell me an aircraft power class part of a global airplane fleet, and which starts with "a".
What's the name of the island that includes the word "zembra" in its name?
Did Harry Styles play jazz fusion genre?
What year is written in the state of Bengali?
What is the brand with the highest scale whose instance of is brand ?
Which Dow Jones Industrial Average member has the least liabilities ?
Which is the activating neurotransmitter for rod cell?
Who is the defender for Johnnie Cochran?
Which is identifiers.org prefix for arXiv?
Which is the medical treatment of psychotherapy?
Was Bernie Sanders married to Jane O'Meara Sanders?
What painting is in the final assembly location at UPenn?
Where is the educational head quarters of Jessica Lange?
Is the family relationship degree of the grandmother equal to 2?
What is the furthest planet with the lowest synodic period from the source Otto's encyclopdedia?
Which station is PBS?
How many programming languages are for Skype?
Tell me chemical reaction whose name has the word synthesis in it.
Who is the  {international organization} for {developer} of {Julian Assange}
In which banknote has the highest face vale?
when did Ailsa Garland become the editor for vogue
WHO IS THE SUCCESSOR OF GAMESA SECTOR?
Did Inglorious Basterds feature Mike Myers and Michael Bacall?
What college major studies the history of the world?
What are the road type which start with the letter woonerf
What is the Hungarian MP identifier for Dezső Gyarmati?
What position does Axel Oxenstierna hold and when did it end?
what is federal holidays in the united states that starts with t
Where does Vicente del Bosque play?
Do Prussia and Europe practice the same form of government?
What is Hamilton's headquarters postal code?
Which is the Swiss municipality code of Zürich?
When did Clyde Walcott started playing on the Guyana national cricket team?
Who did Ingmar Bergman marry and when did the marriage end?
Is 25.54 the melting point of the undecane?
What is the Classlnd rating for The Graduate?
who concept for studied by of materials science?
Is it true that the retirement age in Germany equals to 65.25?
Who was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Cinematography for their work on American Beauty?
Which is the LesBiographies.com ID of the Valéry Giscard d'Estaing?
Is Agnosticsm different from atheism and apatheism?
Which is Tawian Part Number for Kuomintang?
is it true that psychopathy is measured by psychopathic personality inventory?
Chris Froome won which mountain stage with minimum speed?
Who was killed by Alexander II of Russia as the manner of death as homicide?
Was Chess uses chessboard  and  game clock ?
who river source of tributary of yangtze ?
What was discovered by Urban Le Verrier that Proteus orbits around?
Oprah Winfrey founded what television channel?
Which is the gas giant that is a child astronomical body of Prometheus and contains the word saturn in it's name?
Is it true that the number of deaths of Severn Tunnel rail accident equals to 0?
Which means{ITU letter code} in {South Korea} ?
How is the Dutch word for apricot pronounced?
Tell meacademic major whose name has the word theory in it.
Where is the member of citizenship for Raphael Lemkin?
Which statuette is the thickest?
What are the aerospace manufacturer which start with the letter z
Who gave the {name in original language} of {spoke language} of {Vincenzo Scamozzi} ?
who served as a doctoral advisor for Srinivasa Ramanujan ?
WHAT IS THE NATIONALITY OF DEWITT WALLACE MEMBER?
WHICH IS THE VEHICLE RANGE OF AIRBUS A340
What work is produced by the owners of the Volfas Engelman?
Name a proxy war that contains the word " war" in its name
What is African Plant Database ID of Carica papaya?
Who is the  {human} for {member of} of {Beastie Boys}
Which is the Ecocrop ID for Olea europaea?
Which is the Library of Congress Cultural Heritage Organizations for The Walt Disney Company?
Which is ESPNscrum player ID for Sébastien Chabal?
What is Impressionism?
From what country did Atlas Shrugged originate, and in what language was the work written?
who is the publisher and developer of Dota_2?
Which  member of party of Klaus Gärtner ?
What is the conjugate base of citric acid
Give me the rank position for John Gielgud as John?
Tell me the deductive language that contains the word prologue in their name
Did Rihanna recorded the label of Motown?
Is it true that the total assets of the HHLA equals 1812900000?
As a Catholic Church, what religious order did they give Boston College?
hat is the source of energy for this heat?
who is the member of Ellyse Perry sports team and how many matches did they play?
What is the world record held by David Rudisha for?
What is the name of a type of antiproton?
What award did Darya Domracheve receive as a participant in the 2018 Winter Olympic - Women's Relay Biathlon?
What is the Commons category for Stéphane Grappelli who was buried in the Crématorium-columbarium du Père-Lachaise?
What amount of Royal Dutch shell does Motiva Enterprises own?
who  is titleholder of nomination received of Friendly Persuasion ?
What are the manned spaceflight programme which start with the letter p
What was on the shore of Leicester where River Trent was drained?
What is ceiling exposure limit for sodium hydroxide ?
What is the name of a private not for profit educational institution that starts with the letter u.
How many occupations are there for the F. Murray Abraham} ?
Tell me mechanical property of materials whose name has the word yield in it.
Is the pressure of the standard temperature and pressure 80000.0?
Which solid flammable chemical compound has the lowest explosive velocity?
Was Cindy Crawford nominated for the Golden Raspberry awards for Worst Screenplay and Worst New Star?
When does the basketball season start for the National Basketball association ?
What field is associated with soil science and is considered to be equivalent to pedology?
What kind of music did Antonio Aguilar form?
What is follower of Ramakrishna ?
Did George_Carlin study atheism and religion at De La Salle University ?
What is the country of citizenship of Salman of Saudi Arabia
Which is the Minkultury film ID for In the Mood for Love?
What is the rural district name in the Germany which has more male population?
Did John Lennon sign with Warner Bros. Records?
When was Maximilian Schell nominated for Best Supporting Actor in the Academy Awards?
when was saori yoshida has award received as medal with purple ribbon?
WHICH IS THE FEDERATION WITH THE MOST PPP GDP PER CAPITAL
Was Herbert Marcuse an economist?
Which is Bugs! artist ID for France Gall?
What is Auvergne's Wikimedia portal's main topic?
What is National Collegiate Basketball Hall of Fame ID for Elgin Baylor ?
What geological events happen in the Inyo County in California?
What are the explosive material that starts with the letter w
Which is the national anthem that is published in Cedarmont Kids and contains the word banner in it's name?
Name a gambling game that contain the word "zahlenlotto " in its name
What's the main food source for the Pongo people?
Is the total liabilities of the Ale Municipality equal to 828500000?
What science studies symmetry breaking?
WHAT IS HELD POSITION OF ANDREW JACKSON THAT IS ELECTORAL DISTRICT IS TENNESSEE'S 1ST CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT
What other brand uses components manufacturerd by Intel ?
Which republic that is a member of the International Finance Corporation has the lowest Human Development Index?
What color are Sunny Leone's hair and eyes?
which award is received to Konrad Lorenz and at what time?
Is the payload mass of the SS Bergensfjord greater than 5840.0?
Name a student of Max Planck
Who is the person with most national team caps?
When did Brandenburg become Cottbus District?
Which is the International Standard Audiovisual Number for Casablanca?
Oman has jurisdiction over which public office of Qaboos bin Said al Said?
Which is the country of origin for The X-Files?
Who is the top dog of Bill Shoemaker, whose top dog is Alvaro Pineda?
When did Michael Owen cease to be a member of the Liverpool F.C.?
Is the national team caps of Erik Jensen equal to 4?
What medication can be used to counter drug reactions to (RS)-methadone?
What does John GIlbert's spouse do for a living?
What is the name of the invention by Humphry Davy that uses Faraday's law of induction?
Where is the tomb of Vernon and Irene Castle?
What is the Wikimedia category for the category for employees of the organization of Villanova University
Whichis HathiTrust ID for American Journal of Botany ?
What strain has the lowest minimum viable temperature and whose biosafety level is 1?
Where is the birth place of Giambattista Vico that is known as the twin cities in which San Francisco is one them?
What was the ordinal series for William Lyon Mackenzie King during his position held as Prime Minister of Canada?
Tell me non-governmental organization for development whose name has the word ornithologicalin it.
What is the population of Neptune?
What is Mario Monicelli nominated for in the 38th Academy Awards?
Which is the {languages spoken, written or signed} and the {native language} of {Pope_Francis} ?
Which is the World Spider Catalog ID for Theraphosidae data?
Which ortholog gene is associated with INS?
How many natural taxon products are found in Sichuan pepper's?
Name the archaeological culture that contains the word "Sumer" in its name
What software is used by Ryanair?
What businesses sponsor Oracle
Latin America diplomatic link is what?
Who is the developer of Free Software Foundation?
How many NBC headquarters locations are there?
Who is the oldest person at an event?
What type of kinship Dick Van Dyke to his niece?
who is manager/director for commands of Erich von Manstein ?
The most flammable solid with the most ionization of energy?
How has John Russell, Viscount Amberley influenced children?
In the administrative unit of New Calendonia, has Lagun Onari won the award?
What is {owned by} {television channel} of {Bleach} ?
What is the  facility launch site of US Airways Flight 1549 ?
When was Max Planck nominated for the Nobel Prize in Physics?
In which year Alien cast was nominated for Saturn Award for Best Supporting Actress?
Which is {child body} of {parent body} of {Iapetus} ?
Which is the deepest point in Rhode Island having tributary of Mana River?
Who is the sister of Selena?
In which country did American English originate?
Is 8 the number of perpetrators in the assassination of Mahatma Gandhi?
What is the geographic location of New York State University?
Who is the brother of the screenwriter of The King - Jari Litmanen?
When was Margot Kidder received citizenship for the country United states of america?
who  children of cinematographer of enkitta mothathe ?
When was Mérida twinned with Incheon?
What is made of an orange cartoon cat, that has gender is boy?
What { character role } has { cast member } as { Ryan Moloney } for { Neighbours }?
Who is famous for the portrayal of Bali Ha'i?
who  is the influenced by of Christopher hitchens?
which radio program starts with o
Which subject has role of Samus Aran?
Which is the BBC Things ID for Malaysia?
The capital of Norfolk is in which county?
What is the political party of Alcibiades DeBlanc?
What instrument is played by Scandinavian Airlines?
What major works are created by Ruth?
Is the size of the British Museum place thesaurus equal to 45883?
Where is the location of death of Louis Antoine de Saint-Just who is next to Le Kremlin-Bicetre?
what time does school end at the school of art in Chicago?
Which {voice actors} of {series} {She Swill Survive} ?
What is the binary star with the minimum luminosity whose instance of is binary star?
What is on the bay of Praia that has a tributary called the Amazon basin?
What award did Ray Milland for his work on The Lost Weekend?
Name the shortest wheelbased Sport motorcycle
What is electrical conductivity for gold?
How many armaments does the MiG-21 have?
Which album has Ellen DeGeneres produced?
The fact that Gro Harlem Brundtland was the Prime Minister of Norway pertains to what subject?
what is norse deity starts with o
How many titles are published by the British Medical Journal?
Was Scientific method is used by mathematics education and scientist ?
1st place medalist, Dave Brubeck, received which recognition title of Henry Fonda?
What is the symbol for velocity?
What is the working place created by White Cat?
Who is the topic of Shear zone whose scholarly filed for is plate tectonics?
What teams has Nestor de Vincente played for?
What is similar to Atheism and what is its opposite?
What language regulatory body of Portuguese that applies to part of Portugal
Tell me  chronology whose name has the word timeline in it.
What is the activity policy in this place of the art collection of Saint George and the Dragon?
Which is the LoJ peak ID of Mount Saint Elias?
What are the regional organization that shares border with the Central African Republic and which that starts with the letter a
Tell me a painting that depicts Mona Lisa with the word "lisa" in its name.
when was Moscow has twinned administrative body as Banja Luka ?
Does Andrea Bocelli speak German and Spanish?
What language did Nigerian Joseph Edet Akinwale Way speak?
How many final assembly locations are determined for the Airbus A320?
Which are the programming paradigm of logic programming?
Who is the {media company} for {publisher} of {The Economist}
Is par at the British Masters 85.2?
What Australian sport tour has the least amount of tied/drawn matches/games?
Which day in the Eastern Orthodox liturgical calendar has the highest Sandbox-Quantity?
Which is the Stadtbezirk that contains administrative territorial entity of Bonn?
Name the flag carrier operated by the Airbus A380.
What is the translation for Bay of Biscay in Asturian?
Which national association football team occupies Wembley Stadium?
What year was Edward Smith-Stanley's last year as Prime Minister of the United Kingdom?
What characters of Journey to the West were described in A Chinese Odyssey?
What are the automobile manufacturer which start with the letter z
Who is the {episcopal see} for {office held by head of the organisation} of {pope}
How was George I of Great Britain related to Sophia von Kielmansegg, Countess of Darlington?
Where are the medals of Humphry Davy, who were won by Manne Siegbahn?
John Oliver is the television host of what show?
What human is the copyright owner of Mein Kampf?
is the account charge / subscription fee of the payVIP Master card GOLD more than 0.0?
Name a professional sports league starting in September that starts with letter P
What is the {sister city} of {Cochabamba} that has been {subdivided into} {Centre-ville of Nantes}?
how many facets are there to marketing?
Which is the national anthem that contains the word nunarput in it's name?
Which is the speed of Concorde?
What award did Konrad Lorenz win, and who won it with him?
Where is the work location of Theresa May whose twin town is Shanghai?
What is the Commons category of Edgar Degas whose place of burial is Montmartre Cemetery.
Who works at sally ride that is part of the executive office of the president of the United States
What is the start time for Georg Philipp Telemann's noteable work, such as Der neumodische Liebhaber Damon
What is the Joconde ID for The Gleaners?
Which is LAU of Burgas?
I'd like to know the Rangpur Division's Bangladesh administrative division code?
For what was "On the Waterfront" nominated Best Original Dramatic or Comedy Score at the Academy Awards for?
Where is the place of the Taxi Driver?
Which series is dubbed by Cape Feare?
What day is Thanksgiving in Liberia?
Is the market capitalization of Toyota greater than 4e+11?
Is the box office of the Heaven's Gate equal to 3484331?
What is treated for legionnaires' disease that acts as an antibiotic?
Is it true that the Human Development Index of Kenya is greater than 0.3784?
What is the official language of the First Bulgarian Empire where the alphabet is the Early Cyrillic alphabet?
What is the eponym of Jeans instability who had a career as a mathematician?
That is another name for Santa Claus?
Which is the Public Eye Award for the winner of Walmart?
What's the main food source for the Pongo people?
Which star classified in the Arcturus category has the highest color index?
Which airline starts with the letter a has the business division Alliance Air?
What is the postal index number of where Brad Pitt lives?
Who replaced V.P. Singh as Chief Minister of Uttar Pradesh?
For which movie was Channing Tatum nominated for th eIndependent Spirit Award for Best Supporting Male?
Is the thermal diffusivity of the Pyrolytic Carbon less than 1464.0?
Is it true that UTC timezone offset of UTC+17:00 equals to 8?
What are the laws and regulations of Hong Kong?
TELL ME DOG WHOSE NAME HAS THE WORD ULK IN IT
Who is the student of Louis Pasteur?
Who is the employer of The Guardian?
Which is Shakeosphere person ID for Emmanuel Swedenborg?
Was Jordan Peterson an employer of Massachusetts Institute of Technology and University of Toronto?
Which university is located in the Milwaukee area.
Which is the commemorative plaque image of Betty White?
What was Robert Wise nominated for as a result of his work on West Side Story?
What is in the category winner of Phil Taylor ?
Which is {style of architecture} {buried in}  {Edmund Allenby, 1st Viscount Allenby} ?
What airport is in Los Angeles?
Which is the China administrative division code of Hong Kong?
For what was Rebecca nominate for in the 13th Academy Awards?
Which is the residence time of water of Khanka Lake?
What are the physical law which start with the letter s
What's Shiva's Dharma Drum Buddhist College person ID?
Who's birth place is Belgrade?
Name a yearly celebration occuring during the winter solctice that contains the word "yule" in its name
What is the role played by the characters in Crash Bandicoot N. Sane Trilogy?
What is Bérose ID for Ruth Benedict?
What is in the commune of Taraba State that is also a member of Group on Earth Observations?
What is the specific cause of death of Lawrence Kohlberg, that was due to a breathing problem?
Which is the Lives of WWI ID for Anthony Eden?
How many people are in the Labour Party?
Name an European sport governing body that contains the word "european" in its name
Who replaced John Quincy Adams as United States senator?
What is the county seat of Jerusalem, whose name originates from the Tribe of Judah.
What are the space velocity which start with the letter velocity
Which is the geoshape of the Republic of the Congo?
Who is the publisher and creator of Playboy?
Are the maximum sustained winds of Hurricane Liza less than 90.0
What is runway of Heathrow Airport ?
What is the KLG Kritisches Lexikon de Gegenwartsliteratur for Gunter Grass?
What is the CITES Species+ ID for the loggerhead sea turtle
What relative of Walter Gropius died in the town of Haifa?
What heptalogy starts with the letter "s"?
What is Jennifer Carpenter's role on Dexter?
What country in Zürich did Hermann Weyl die in?
Which is the Kansallisbiografia ID for Sergei Witte?
Tell me the geographic region that is located in the terrain feature of Oceania and contains the word melanesia in it's name?
Did Spirited Away include the voice actors Mari Natsuki and Bunta Sugawara?
What are thenonprofit organization which start with the letter videolan
How was Leon Trotsky assassinated?
Where is the terminus location of Confederation bridge?
What is written by the author of The Book of Disquiet, that has languages of expression is Portuguese.
“I have taken a decision, which was not easy for me, to resign as president,” Nazarbayev said in a nationwide TV address, flanked by his country’s blue and yellow flags, before signing a decree terminating his powers from March 20.
What is the genetic association of Sarah Kane's Paralympic disability?
What is the postal code of Chongqing?
What is based on the Bangladesh Liberation War?
What Spiegel im Spiegel composition has received the "Honorary doctor of the university of Liege" award?
The Rothschild family has what painting in their collection?
Which is the OFDb ID for Top Gun?
Which gravitational-wave detector founded by Kip S. Thorne has the longest wavelength of sensitivity ?
Name the active ingredient in amoxicillin.
Which is charted in Like a Rolling Stone?
What is the service retirement for GALEX?
Which position did Adrian IV hold before being replaced by Alexander III?
who contestant of part of series of thats the guy ?
The minimum amount of plays in Texas Hold 'Em is?
Which modern language has the largest number of speakers?
Which is the school that operates the DC-3?
Is Holi celebrated in India and Nepal?
Which Bilderberg Group did Emmanuel Macron participate in?
Where is the port of Minecraft?
How many drugs are used to treat anemia?
What is the Bavarian monument of the Deutsches Museum?
What position was occupied by John A. Macdonald and is now held by Alexander Mackenzie?
Who is the {human} for {notable work} of {Flatiron Building}
tell me thunder god starts with z
Tell me the holiday that starts with the letter w
WHICH IS THE UNIT OF VOLUME THAT STARTS WITH C
WHO IS THE COMPETITOR OF BARBARA HEPWORTH?
What films has Francis Ford Coppola been the executive producer of?
Tell me which is the software company which starts with the letter x?
Who wrote the screenplay for Vyasa?
Wuala was developed by what owner?
How many parts are with the history of Kentucky} ?
Tell me the binary star that constellation Canis Major and which that starts with the letter s
Is Aleida Guevara's father Che Guevara?
Who is voice dubber  mentioned in of Creeper ?
What is Saturn V's space lasunch vehicle?
Is the Chinese New Year celebrated in the People's Republic of China?
Are olanzaine and meclofenoxate used as drug treatment of dementia?
In which state do most native Americans live?
How many screen writers are there for Raging Bull?
Is Clitoris connected to dorsal metatarsal veins?
West Azarbijan Province, which has boroughs, is in the parish of Kerman Province.
Is Steve Harvey's ethnic group the Igbo people?
Tell me economic indicator whose name has the word soil in it.
What painting of The Starry Night has borders in Noves?
Which  is discoverer or inventor of Lee de Forest ?
What is the sport  that is played in Madden NFL, that has instruments played and penalty flags?
What countries are part of the European Union?
Where was the birthplace of Louis VI of France in the country seat of United Federation of Planets?
When did Tony Blair become the Leader of the Labour Party?
Who is the member of political party of United Russia?
what is the landscape of venus callipyge, which is equivalent of aphrodite
IS THE UNITS SOLD OF THE VIRTUAL BOY IS LESS THAN 924000.0
What is the date of birth (in the Julian calendar) of Menander?
Is it true that the moisture absorption of the polycarbonate equals to 0.24?
What is the partner city in which John Smith died in?
Does the Alexa rank of Samsung equal 339?
Who is the patient of Charles X of France?
What is the pope's official residence palazzo?
What is the seat of Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung, that is adjacent to Wetteraukreis?
Where does the Kaveri River meet the ocean?
Who is the executive power within Montreuil?
Does the Harish-Chandra Research Institute have a student count equal to 63.2
Which administrative divisions of Madagascar is next to Antananarivo Province?
which position Oswald Mosley did hold and when did he select?
What year did Juan Manuel Santos, known as Manuel receive the Nobel Peace Prize?
New Amsterdam is an American medical drama television series, based on the book Twelve ... New Amsterdam follows Dr. Max Goodwin as he becomes the medical .... Dr. Frome works with a father whose son experiences hallucinations of a .... a breakthrough for the genre – though that may be enough for medical drama ...
What municipality shares a border with Ottawa?
Which is the Paris Faculty of Letters professor ID 1909-1939 for Georges Lefebvre?
Which is the artist collective for the movement of John Cage?
Show me the film studio that starts with the letter v.
Who is the initiated member of the team of Udo Lattek?
Is the average gradient of the Ublianka equal 21?
Which is the time in space for Chris Hadfield?
Java uses what sofware engine?
Does John Denver's music belong to folk and electric folk genre?
What is the birthplace of Go-Daigo, whose mayor is Daisaku Kadokawa?
What is Vitamin C's NIAID ChemDB ID?
What was the position held by Glenda Jackson when she was a Member of the 51st Parliament of the United Kingdom?
Is the right ascension of the Orion Nebula equal to 83.818662?
Which is the Indiana Basketball Hall of Fame ID for Oscar Robertson?
Who fought against Scipio Africanus?
Who sponsors the FC Bayern Munich?
What part of Costa Rica shares a border with Panama?
What is the flim genre of the part of series of final approach?
What is the tribute of the shore of Faial Island?
Is Kim Basinger a singer and a model?
Is the Giant Magellan telescope's focal length equal to 14.4?
Which is the longitude of ascending node for Earth?
What Ancient Greek unit of volume has the biggest conversion to standard units ?
Where are The Band's cat films shot?
Who was Walter Raleigh's father?
What is the cast of Moses?
How much piña colada is used to make white rum?
The inflation rate of Belize is?
what was michael jordans number?
What is David Foster's record label?
Which is the chemical compound for treating the medical condition of pain?
What is the  conflict  landscape of Sakata Kanetom Eating at Home ?
Is the muzzle velocity of a pistol F. Ascaso equal to 304.0?
Who was the leader of the Weimar republic ?
Who is {famous for} of {writers} of {To the Christian Nobility of the German Nation} ?
who is born at partner town of Nadya A.R. ?
Bradley Wiggins is a member of which UCI ProTeam?
What is the version number of the edition of Abhigyanashakuntalam ?
Is the disease burden of laryngeal cancer equal to 2749816?
What is { represented by } of { Henry Moore } that is { a role for an object } is { copyright holder }?
What is Feda's highest throughput submarine power cable?
Who is the followed by Communist Party of China has chairperson as Zhao Ziyang ?
Name the closest interacting galaxy from Earth whose constellation is known as Cetus.
What species are held by the affiliates of the Greater Los Angeles Zoo Assocation?
When did literary award for award received of J. R. R. Tolkien?
Which subtopic of the history of technology is the study of technique?
What is Q48460 the field study of Madhava Sangamagrama?
What is the parent taxon of Lactobacillus?
Which is the temporal range start for Triceratops?
When was Denzel Washington nominated for Best Actor at the Academy Awards?
Who is the executive director of the parent company of True Corporation?
Who is Garrison of Indiana University Bloomington residing in Monroe County?
When did the marriage of Anaïs Nin and Rupert Pole end?
What type of judge was Edmund Barton?
What is the tributary of  shore of Gran Canaria ?
Which is the season of 1?
WHICH IS THE BRAND WITH THE MAXIMUM SCALE
What is the eponym of Jupiter that has a child body called Chaldene?
What borders Osaka Prefecture where the twin town is Special Region of Yogyakarta?
What works of the film director of Finian's Rainbow?
DOES THE NUMBER OF SPOILT VOTES OF ARIQUEMES MAYORAL ELECTION 2016 GREATER THAN 2168.0
What is secreted from Fertilizer?
When did Deke Slayton step down as Chief of the Astronaut Office?
What are the former building or structure which start with the letter t
Which is closed on for Wednesday?
Tell me about position held of Tony Abbott and elected in?
Which is the major religious group that Jesus Christ is worshiped from?
Name the river with maximim Strahler number?
Mention the television series featured by executive producer John Oliver.
which means{hazard on site} from{shark} ?
Which is Goodreads author ID for Jonathan Franzen?
When is does Varna start?
Which awards has Angela Lansbury recieved?
What is the natural features in Rhodes that has a tributary near the Koprucay River?
What is a dyad that begins with the letter y?
WHICH IS THE CELL COMPONENT OF LYSOSOME
Who are the language speakers of the language signed by Albert Renger-Patzsch?
Is Kelly Clarkson's family name Clarkson?
What is Messier 83's galaxy morphological type?
When Jimmy Wales was awarded as Quadriga?
Which locality has the largest male population?
What year was Barry Fitzgeralld nominated for Best Actor at the Academy Awards?
How many {handles} are there for {The Night Watch}?
Which field  work of Edward Howard-Vyse ?
"Who was {discoverer of} of {atoll}, that was a {member of} the {American Philosophical Society} ?"
Which territory of Indianapolis is Unigov located in?
What are significant ingredients to Christo?
Who was Paul Krugman's main influence ?
Does the bite force quotient of Ursus arctos equal 78?
What are the participants of the cause of weather ?
What is STW Thesaurus for Economics ID for Oman
When did Edward Witten receive the Dirac Medal?
What positions are held in NATO?
Who are Burt Lancaster's children?
In what electoral district did Oswald Mosley was a Member of the 35th Parliament of the UK?
Which is the active patron saint of Adrian IV?
Which is the AUSNUT 2011-13 Food Group ID for beef?
Tell me about partner of Ian McKellen and end time?
What is the level of attendance of the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum?
Who gave the{alumnus of} of {developer of} of {Web 2.0} ?
who is the player of Battles of Lexington and Concord?
When was Hendrik Lorentz nominated for Nobel Prize in Physics?
Which is the grammatical gender for Norwegian?
Tell me me a city-state whose name consist of the word "hamburg" and whose highest point hasselbrack.
Who is the character of Book of Genesis whose daughter is Hezron?
What is the league of major league lacrosse?
What are some of the signs of HN-1?
Who was the first James Irwin named James?
Did Absinthe originate in the country of Switzerland?
What is RHE professor's ID of Numa Denis Fustel de Coulanges?
Which is the WWF ecoregion code of Great Basin?
Which is the Base biographique AUTOR ID for Eugène Atget?
What are the IBM official Cocktail which start with the letter v
Mention the RITVA person ID  of Ivan Turgenev?
what is the human name of pi?
Is the longest span of the Millenium Bridge equal to 144?
Who was Michel Houellebecq when he was working in Paris?
Who replaced Jan Karol Chodkiewicz as the Great Hetman of Lithuania?
When was Sasha Czack became spouse of Sylvester Stallone?
How many children does Elton John and his spouse David Furnish have?
Wha television film miniseries has the most episodes?
What is the source of this taxon of Pyrus which is made from Pyrus communis?
Tell me the city in Ukraine that replaces Khadjibey and whose name contains the word odessa?
Which is the B-side for We Are the Champions?
What prize was awarded to Steve Francis the prizewinner?
What is the {bordered} {City of Cape Town}, that {contains} a {Saldanha Bay Local Municipality}?
Name a parent taxon of Spinacia oleracea
What is the Great Pyramid of Giza's Skyscraper Center ID?
Can you name the J.K. Rowling book that has sold the least copies?
What is the ship with the lowest draft whose country is Norway?
what is political ideology starts with w
Which is the academic discipline that studies the history of the world?
Who was received the Nobel peace prize together with Yitzhak Rabin?
What is replaces  of  Kingdom of Great Britain that applies to part is Wales?
Did Nelson Mandela name his son Makgatho Mandela?
Are Batumi and Matsue located in New Orleans?
What is grave at film script byThe General ?
How much erythromycin is a splash?
is it true that the Austrian State Prize for European Literature prize money equal to 25000?
What galaxy cluster has the most flux?
Where is the studio that filmed the narrative of Val?
What is the { place of death } in the territorial administrative entity } for { Joseph } like { Nazareth }?
What is the type locality or geology of density?
Tell me Wikimedia disambiguation page whose name has the word zhou in it.
What birthplace of Eero Järnefelt is in the County of Viborg and Nyslott rural city?
What was the position of Archduke Charles, Duke of Teschen, when he was replaced by Philipp, Prince of Schwarzenberg?
What  Ostrogothic Kingdom capital city has a central European time zone?
What is the employment of Marlene Dietrich, whose field of this employment is in estrada?
what is in the Rock Hall of Fame ID of Charlie Christian ?
How many muscle origins are there in the {humerus} ?
What is the craft of Carneades whose patron saint is Catherine of Alexandria?
Who is the TV production company that employs Oprah WInfrey?
which group starts with the letter o
Who is {victim} {participated in conflict} of {Guy de Montlaur} ?
Which is the BBF ID for Oswald Spengler?
What is the occupational carcinogen with the fastest speed of sound?
Name the death location of John X, which has a twin town called Cincinnati.
whats the classification of eddy merckx
What geographic rift is located in Frankford?
who disease for has effect of bacteria?
How many industries does Bayer AG operate in?
Tell me the population of the history of the Marshall Islands.
Which band contains the word u2 in their name
Is the angle from vertical of the Church tower, Miedum equal to 4.72?
"Which is {diplomatic relation} of {Rwanda}, where {member of} is {Bay of Bengal Initiative for Multi-Sectoral Technical and Economic Cooperation} ?"
Where did Ken Burns study design?
What inspired Dracula?
What is the diplomatic relation of the sovereign state of Mataram?
What is the castle for the burial place of Hadrian?
What is the product of the brand of Yum China ?
what is the {start time} for {Tilda Swinton} which has {partner} as {John Byrne} ?
What sports team is Hope Solo a member of and how many matches did she play?
Which was the cryptocurrency being invented by Satoshi Nakamoto?
Name the lake with the highest salinity among those described by Paulys Realenzyklopädie der klassischen Altertumswissenschaft.
How many number of children is in the president of FIFA?
According to the census, what is the population of Santos?
What is the event location of the event during the Pacific War located on a tributary of the Ruvu River?
Where was the birth place and place of burial for Rumi?
Who is the spouse of the Sailor Moon author?
What are the orbits of Europa and it's moon Thebe?
Did Kylie Minogue and Coldplay collaborate?
What is the   greek name for Limassol?
Who is the relative and what is the role of Dirk Nowitzki?
When did Johann Olav Koss receive the Jonas Prize aware?
Name a civil aircraft operated by American Airlines.
What venue of the Battle of Nahāvand is in the borough of Central District?
What is Morocco's diplomatic mission?
What is landscape made of from Still Life with Apples?
Who is the {protein} for {physically interacts with} of {fentanyl}
IS THE NUMBER OF MISSING OF BRUMADINHO DAM DISASTER EQUALS 84
When was Aristide Briand nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize?
What is Atlas ID for The Raft of the Medusa ?
Does National Basketball Association own CNN International and NBA Store?
Which actor in Close Encounters of the Third Kind has worked as an astrophysicist?
Mention the professional playing partner of Ernest Hemingway
Was science studies Rashomon's original work?
When did Gustave Doré receive his Legion of Honour as an Officer?
Who is the co-founder and facility operator of Express Tram?
What represents the artwork of Donatello?
How many homes does Thomas Kuhn have?
Was Kathie Lee Gifford occupation,  composer and television presenter?
What award was Dustin Hoffman nominated for that he received?
What part of New York City was Cecil Taylor born in?
Wich means{BNB person ID} at{Martha Nussbaum} ?
Which is founded by George Safford Parker?
What year was Hasan al-Askari's parent(s) born in?
What is the position and electoral district of Tony Abbott?
Who created the musical genre hard rock?
WHat is the Matterhorn's parent peak?
How much ammunition is for a Glock?
Name the profession of people working with interior design
Which 1435 mm track gauge locomotive has the maximum boiler pressure?
When was the end of the Ottoman Empire in Constantinople?
When did Catherine II of Russia gain citizenship of Prussia?
What is causing Ada to lose her dialect?
Who are the composer and the producer of Buffy the Vampire Slayer?
Is the carbon footprint of the iPhone XR equal to 67?
Tell me the presentation by Sandra Hoffmann-Ursache and where she presented.
Who is {won by} {honorary title} of {Scott Cooper} ?
Which Pyrénées-Orientales region produces the least amount of wine?
Which is the musipedia tune ID for The Entertainer?
who is nominated of Annie Girardot that has work of Les Misérables ?
When did spouse of Drew Barrymore and end time?
Was Christianity named after Jesus Christ?
What population of stars is on Planet Nine?
Which is the UN document symbol for International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights?
How many runway's are there at Tokyo International Airport?
Who is the chairperson of Justin Trudeau's political party?
What is the actress, that has received the Bodil Award for Best Actress in a Leading Role?
When was the position of Harold Holt as Member of the Australian House of Representatives came to an end?
What is in the administrative region of Hudson River, whose category of associated people is Category:People from New York?
Which sovereign state has the official language Latin?
On what day did Charles, Prince of Wales, become the Prince of Wales?
What kind of oil was used in the portrait of Vista geral do Centro S. Paulo 103?
Is it true that the total fertility rate of Egypt equals to 2.6704?
When was Ezra Pound nominated for a Nobel Prize in Literature?
What are the city in Ukraine which start with the letter vylkove
Which is the musical form which contains the word variation in it's name?
What television station does Oprah Winfrey work for?
Where in England did Alexander McQueen die?
What is the moon of Neptune?
When did Mark Antony and Antonia Hybrida Minor get a divorce?
What is the undercarriage of Cessna's 172 Skyhawk?
What are the names of Neil Gaiman's father and spouse?
What is the sacred language of Hildegard of Bingen?
What is the { sport number } for { Lewis Hamilton } { sport team member } as { Mercedes GP }?
Which is {timezone} of {continent} {Balhae} ?
Which protein interacts with codeine?
When were Pink Floyd granted the Grammy Award for Album of the Year?
Which is a pawnbroker for the material used of wool?
Who is the spouse of Charles Laughton and when did the marriage end?
Which is the {location of formation} and the {headquarters location} of {Microsoft} ?
What are the administrative divisions of the headquarters of Sinovac Biotech?
What is the name of Nicholas II of Russia who was born in Pushkin?
Which is calculated from the body mass index?
Is the number of  blank votes of the Volta Redonda mayoral election of 2016 less than 5163.2
What was the cause of death of Robert West?
What is the PTBNP ID of Kenzaburo Oe?
Tell me the branch of philosophy that contains the word {philosophy} in their name
When did position held of Sebastian Coe and elected in?
What award did John Steinbeck receive?
What is the place made Airbus A300 whose Indian reservation is canton of Toulouse-2?
What is Bryce Canyon National Park's NPS unit ID?
What is the author citatin (zoology) for Johan Christian Fabricius?
What is the statistical system for Hebrew
What is member  of party of Normandy landings ?
What are the exact coordinates of Grigori Aleksandrov's burial site in Novodevichy Cemetery?
When did Antony Tudor receive an award at Kennedy Center Honors?
who  jurisdiction of legally established by of water pollution ?
Which is founded by the American Civil Liberties Union?
Who was the stepfather of Claude Debussy?
Is it true that the gestation period of Phoca vitulina equals to 13.2?
Who directed the Seven Samurai ?
Give me the fertility rate of Spring Offensive
What was the population of people born in the time of Peter the Great?
What is the hometown of Phil Jackson that is in Sherdan County?
What country is Siege of Constantinople from? Are they from Asia
What is the specification edition of Intel?
In what year did Edward V become monarch of England?
Is the history of Greenville County a subtopic that divides into the history of SC?
How many diplomatic relations has Nigeria engaged with?
Is it true that the water as percent of area of Albania equals 5.7?
Who replaced Michal Korybut Wisniowiecki as the King of Poland?
What is architect of Giorgetto Giugiaro ?
Who is the author that wrote the Discworld series in their secondary language of English?
Which is {twin town} and {death place} of {Ann Radcliffe} ?
What is the noble title for a duke?
What law dictates the safety classification and labeling of ethanol?
What is International World Games Association ID for Billy Blanks ?
What language used by William Hogarth is often confused with Spanglish?
Has Robbie Williams ever been signed to record labels EMI and Interscope Records?
What award did Eric Heiden receive for men's 1000 meter speed skating at the 1980 Winter Olympics?
Is the thermal design power of the AMD Ryzen Threadripper 2950X equal to 216.0?
Which movie is about Stephen Hawking?
What is the Tumblr ID for Myspace?
How did the participants of the American Revolutionary Way help constitute the republic?
How many natural products contained in wheat?
Tell me the basic emotion which contains the word trust in their name!
Where did Francisco Goya live and until when?
With an inflow of Kultuchnaya, what are the waterfalls on the Angara River called?
Tell me language family whose name has the word quechua in it.
Where does the New York Yankees play the sport of baseball?
tell me duo starts with r
What is the Q48460 of the place of incorporation of Guns N’ Roses ?
Which is Gene Atlas Image of RHO?
Which is the chemical compound for treating the medical condition of pain?
WHICH IS THE STATE OF AUSTRALIA THAT STARTS WIH V
When is the  book was published by Zork that was established by David Crane?
What ancient Greek temple starts with the letter "t"?
What's the place where James I of Scotland is detained?
When did Pablo Casals marry Marta Casals Istomin?
What is Biographical Dictionary of Swedish Women for Astrid Lindgren?
Is the maximum wavelength of sensitivity of the Large Synoptic Survey Telescope equal to 1060?
What carbine starts with the letter "z"?
{magnitude} film studio
Is knowledge different from information and data?
n/a
What is the human with the lowest age of consent whose given name is Ram?
Who is informed by Dizzy Gillespie whose profession is conductor?
What is Aloysius Bertrand's project Gutenberg author ID?
how much stock exchange does banco santander have?
When was Pune becom the the administrative territorial entity of Bombay Presidency?
What is Wales the capital of?
Name a task that contains the word "quantum " in its name
What is New Jersey's NYT topic ID?
What is a subsidiary company of Robert Mundell's alumni?
What is the edition of this religious book of King James?
Are The Happy Accidents of the Swing still on exhibit?
When did Carly Fiorina and Frank Fiorina get married
What is the proxy for Vyacheslav Molotov?
What is the continental area and the surrounding islands of Southeast Asia?
What award did Allison Janney receive, that was won by Mary Steenburgen?
Tell me the business of the stock exchange of the New York Stock Exchange that contains the word wabtec in it's name?
What are the people that are bordered by Londonderry County called?
What is the name of a feminist movement that has the word wereldvrouwenmars their name.
The function of a real variable is what input set?
Which is the WorldSBK.com racer identifier for Joey Dunlop?
Which is the Zamenhof-Esperanto object for the language used of Esperanto?
What is the safety classification and labeling for Nitric Acid through the NFPA Health subsection NFPA 704:Standard system for the identification of the hazards of materials for emergency response?
What is the nationality of Emmanuel Macron ?
What films did Marlon Brando direct?
Tell me unitary authority of England whose name has the word wokingham in it.
Which is the Vine user ID for UEFA Champions League?
Is the angular diameter of the Sun equal to 32.15?
What kind of music does Amalia's Pachelbel father?
Tell me magazine whose name has the word zillo in it.
Which {headquarters location} is {located in the administrative territorial entity} of {Princeton_University} ?
How much ammunition is for a Glock?
Andriy Shevchenko played this position in what club?
What was the position held by Jose Ramos-Horta which was replaced by Taur Matan Ruak?
How many screenwriters are there for Casablanca?
How was Lemmy Kilmister, who was taking the prescription drug hydroxyurea, murdered?
Which is the scientific journal that originated from the Soviet Union.
Was a participant of the the Normandy landings the United Kingdom?
when was renalult the member of sports team as bernard hinault?
Who besides Hank Aaron has received the Major League Baseball Most Valuable Player Award?
Which is the CWGC person ID of Leslie Howard?
Is the energy storage capacity of the Tesla Model S equal to 85?
What is the CATO ID of Semey?
When did Ryōtarō Shiba receive the award for Person of Cultural Merit?
What does the magnetic ordering of the breach loading gun do?
When you looked into my eyes,
I stood there like I was hyp-notized.
You sent a feeling to my spine,
A feeling warm and smooth and fine.
But all I could do were stand there paralyzed.
When we kissed, ooh what a thrill,
You took my hand and, ooh baby, what a chill.
I felt like grabbin' you real tight,
Squeeze and squeeze with all my might.
But all I could do were stand there paralyzed.
Did Soviet Union share a border with Socialist Republic of Romania?
What was the explosive material invented by Alfred Novbel that contains the word "dynamite" in its name ?
Which insecticide has the highest decomposition point?
What award did Juan Carlos I win?
Is the solubility of bezene equal to 007?
Which position was held by Archibald Primrose, 5th Earl of Rosebery who replaced John Wodehouse, 1st Earl of Kimberley?
Is it true that Sidney is twinned with Milan and Portsmouth?
Who are {inhabitants} of {originates} in {glima} ?
When did Mumbai become liberated from the Portuguese Empire?
Which member of the American Mathematical Society has the highest Erdős number?
Who uses Pellagra?
When did Pierre Bourdieu leave the University of Lille?
What is the Classic IC flammable liquid with the highest peak exposure limit?
Idini Menzel won a Tony award for what at the 58th Tony Awards?
What is the portrait of Jiří Brabec's death?
how many translations are there for ulysses?
What are the geological supereon which start with the letter precambrian
When Giuseppe Acrimboldo held his position as a court painter, who was his employer?
Who did Irving Thalberg marry and when did the marriage end?
Which is   prequel  game platform of The Sims 2: Pets ?
Does ozone have a solubility of less than 0.0012?
Who is {winner} of {Benny Carter} ?
Who served as director and director of photography for the film Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind?
Who were J. R. R. Tolkien's parents?
What award did Annie Hall receive that Woody Allen won?
What are the characters of Joshua who is the deity of Jehovah's Witnesses?
What is John Calvin's DBA ID?
Which is the position that George Weah held as position?
What ethnoreligious group starts with the letter "y"?
What number is Edgar Allan Poe's Allan?
Which jurisdiction of Parliament of the United Kingdom that has diplomatic relation to Malta?
"Which is {musical key} of {Piano Concerto}, whose {prequel is} is {D minor} ?"
Was Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart born in Salzburg?
Who is the grammatical person or language official in Alberta?
What are the people of the Minoan civilization categorized as?
When did Baden-Wurttemberg start in West Germany?
Who plays in the sequel of Ziegfeld Follies (1911)?
What is the {murder method} of {Bill Gold} that has a {genetic association} in {SORL1}?
How many editions of Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon have been published?
What is the name of the spacecraft Godone Cooper was on?
How many film crew members are there in The Lion King?
What is the date of the end of the writers of The Prophet?
What are the perceptions of cocaine?
Was Bob Marley a member of The Upsetters?
What is the GDP (PPP) of Benin?
Do {Queen_Victoria} {received award} in {Order of Saint John}?
what is the member of the comes from of esquire?
In what former Soviet country was Ramzan Kadyrov Ebonat born?
What are the works of influence of Immanuel Kant?
tell  me instruction set architecture that designed by Intel  that starts with x
What is award received of La Strada that is statement is subject of is 29th Academy Awards ?
WHO IS THE MUSICAL ARTIST OF THE FILM MINORITY?
Which is the alphabet which contains the word thuluth in it's name?
When is the genetic association of the orthologs of leprosy?
When was Michael Jordan nominated for Laureus World Sports Award for Comeback of the Year?
What is the original language of The Price Is Right, where there is a "neuter" grammatical gender?
Name an ancient monument that posesses the World Heritage and that contains the word "group" in its name
WHICH IS THE UNITED WORLD WRESTLING IS FOR MIJAIN LOPEZ
What river has the strongest and largest flow at the mouth of Kattegat?
Which electoral district of Western Australia has the largest electorate?
Tell me what sports team Mircea Lucescu played for and how many points, goals and sets did he score?
Is Iron-Man playing in Captain America:Civil War and X-Men Legends II: Rise of Apocalypse?
How much output is developed by Oracle Advanced Security?
Who is parent company of workplace of Madeleine Mathiot ?
Which is the public company for the manufacturing of Coca-Cola?
Is the number of volunteers of the Dorset Police equal to 236?
What is nominated for  Chinatown that is nominee is Robert Evans ?
What is the NLA ID (Australia) of Vladimir Mayakovsky?
When did military airbase for place served by transport hub of Belgrade?
Ennio Morricone composed music for which films?
Was Willie Nelson part of the ethnic group Choctaw?
Tell me the art movement that starts with alphabet y
Name the test that measures the intelligence
When was Breaking Bad nominated to the Saturn Award for Best Actor on television?
what were the responsibilities of Numa Denis Fustel de Coulanges as director
Which is the INCAA film rating for Gone with the Wind?
What is the facet of reincarnation?
What taxon with a Capsicum annuum parent taxon has the lowest Scoville grade?
Which is the Fach for Maria Callas?
Is the perimeter of the Georgenthalweiher equal to .25?
Who is the biblical figure that is the patron saint of Rome?
In which year Mariss Jansons was awarded the Oslo City Culture Award?
What country signed the North Atlantic Treaty that has a spoken language of Portuguese?
When will Selma Lagerlöf start their membership in the Free-minded National Association?
When was the relationship between Wim Wenders and Lisa Kreuzer came to an end?
Which is the {office held by head of the organisation} and the {official language} of {UNESCO} ?
When did Sarah Michelle Gellar win the Teen Choice Award for Best Villain?
Who was the student of Axiothea of Phlius who wrote Apology?
What is the higher taxon rank in Fringillidae?
What association football league's name starts with "S"?
WHAT IS THE TRIBUTARY CONFLUENCES OF RIO DE LA PLATA ?
What death place of Sigismund III Vasa is associated with people from Warsaw.
WHICH IS THE PLANETARY SYSTMEN OF PLANET ON TROLD SINUS?
What is the location and the present in work of Noah?
What are the unit of measurement which start with the letter visus
Tell me phase change whose name has the word sublimation in it.
Is the average gradient of the artificial luge track less than 0.08?
Who is the film editor of Back to the future?
At what {point in time} was {Billy Ray Cyrus} {nominated for} the {Grammy Award for Best Male Country Vocal Performance}?
Does 100 equal 100?
Who formed the Rammstein brand
who  is the Giants for killed by of apollo?
Which is the Vimeo username for Peabody Award?
Who was Michael Faraday's teacher ?
Is it true that the horizontal depth of High-necked bottle DP 0104 equals to 35?
What is the Tungsten's has effect and location of discovery?
When Judah P. Benjamin started his position as United States senator?
The death of Laocoön was famously depicted in a much-admired marble Laocoön and His Sons, attributed by Pliny the Elder to the Rhodian sculptors Agesander, Athenodoros, and Polydorus, which stands in the Vatican Museums, Rome. ... song "Laughing" references Laocoön, rendering him female ("Laocoön and her two sons").
Is it true that the target interest rate of the Central Bank of Egypt equals 10.75?
Is the vibration of the Milwaukee more than 12.6?
WHAT IS CONSEQUENCE OF ANTONYM OF LAMINAR FLOW
Which is the aerospace manufacturer for the manufacturing of Cessna 172 Skyhawk?
which isotop of lead has the minimum parity that make it a nuclear isomer?
What did Ella Tiene Fuego play before it took that name?
Who gave the {artwork} of {architecture firm} of {Mandarin Oriental, Tokyo} ?
Which is the DBNL author ID for Mikhail Bakhtin?
Who gave the{signs} of {implies} of {marble} ?
What is the show hosted by Steve Kroft that has "60" in the title?
Which is the danskefilm person ID for Elvis Presley?
Which is the social classification of boyar?
What is the findspot of dysprosium, which was divides into the 1st arrondissement of Paris?
what is reserve currency that contains the word dollar in their name
Which administrative territorial entity did Maya Deren die in if her death took place in New York City?
What is Bermuda's diplomatic relation, that has the same time zone as Alaska?
Is the number of volunteers for the Internet Society more than 3000?
Name an organization that still uses Latin as official language
For what language is March named after Betula?
"What is the used language of James A.Garfield,that has history in history of the English language?"
When did William Petty stop being UK Prime Minister?
What work in Jamaica was Lee Scratch Perry nominated for?
what is port city that starts with z
Who is Kylie Jenners sister?
Who is {president} {in the commune of} of {Neuquén Province} ?
What is the alphabet of the written language of Ivan Vazov?
Which monoanion should I use to make conjugate acid of citric acid?
Which written language by Carl Sagan has descriptive linguistics in third person masculine singular?
Who is the {historical country} for {shares border with} of {Roman Empire}
Which manned spaceflight programme that contains the word project in their name
Who is the inventor of the zipper whose carreer is in engineering?
Does the scale of the HO scale equal 87?
"What is {main topic} of {bardo}, which {founded in} is {Bodh Gaya} ?"
What degree did Warren Buffet get at Columbia Business School?
Who is the video game publisher of Datang Youxia Zhuan?
When will Tony Benn's position as a Member of the 42nd Parliament of the United Kingdom end?
What is DDB ID for  German National Library ?
Which is the basic form of government for Taungoo Dynasty?
What is ITF player ID for Rafael Nadal ?
Is it true that the electric charge of muon equals to -1?
What country uses renminbi as its currency?
What is the minimum speed of Saturn?
What {material used} and the {produced by} of {Wine} ?
Give me the name of  country of citizenship of Michael Redgrave that is end cause is Royal and Parliamentary Titles Act 1927 ?
What are the isotope of hydrogen which start with the letter t
Which is the month of the year for December?
WHICH IS THE COMMON NAME WITH THE MAXIMUM BITE FORCE QUOTIENT
Who is the spouse of Gerard Way?
Tell me legal concept whose name has the word sanction in it.
Which is the ASHRAE refrigerant number for sulfur dioxide?
which international organization that contains the word worldskills in their name
Can you harvest both the skin and the meat of a horse?
What are the SUDOC editions of Tractatus Logico-Philosophicus?
What medicine was patented by the manufacturer The Coca-Cola Company?
Which is the Netflix ID for Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon?
Which is the city in the US for the twinned administrative body of Nagasaki?
Who is the diplomatic relation of endemism in Koala?
Is the hardness of the hard chrome equal to 67?
When did Song Young-gil become head of the government of Incheon?
Who is a member of the standards developing organization for geologic time scale?
Who is appointed by Pius VI?
What is the Vidhan Sabha in Odisha?
Where was Stevie Wonder born?
Was Sally Field  Jock Mahoney's  stepparent?
Which is the RKDimages ID for Girl with a Pearl Earring?
Name the piano composition composed by Claude Debussy?
What is made from medium of olive oil ?
What what is holiday intangible cultural heritage status intangible cultural heritage and which that starts with n
What is it?
Who is employed by John Wycliffe and lives in the Oxford neighborhood?
Which is the domain of learning the feminist theory?
Who is actor in the show Born a Gamblin' Man?
Which genres can Oasis be classified as?
What carbon isotope starts with the letter "c"?
Is Victoria Azarenka's ranking 5.6?
Name a book released by Stephen Hawking ?
What is persimmon's higher taxon?
Is it true that the speed of sound of the hydrogen iodide is less than 188.4?
Was Aaliyah nominated for the MTV movie award for Best Villain?
which narrative starts with v
Which is the angular resolution for Karl G. Jansky Very Large Array?
What are the associated  astronomical bodies of the Andromeda Galaxy?
Name the profession of someone working with statistics
What is FC Bayern Munich's home venue?
Which is the country that is indigenous of the American English?
Is the number of clubs of the rugby union in Tunisia equal to 72?
What are theunitary authority of England which start with the letter w
Tell me the timezone in Kurdistan.
Who is the {human} for {spouse} of {Katy Perry}
What is the population of Bolzano according to publications by Istat?
What is autoignition temperature for acetic acid ?
What is File Format Wiki page ID for Scala ?
which is the personality trait which has the word valor in its name
Tell the official language of Sevastopol
What is Facebook Places ID for Bangkok ?
Was Alexander Graham Bell a member of Phi Beta Kappa Society and Medical University of Vienna?
Which is the BIU Santé person ID for Vincent van Gogh?
Is George V the father of George V?
Which is the skyscraper for which William F. Baker was an architect and contains the word burj in it's name?
What is a common material used to make tapestries?
Mention the ethnic group related to the Yiddish.
What is the postal code for South Maravian Region that has headquarters located in Brno?
Name the interstellar object discovered at Haleakalā with the longest rotation period ?
What medicine is used to treat leprosy?
When Ufa, the administrative territorial entity as Republic of Bashkortostan, started?
What is the headquarters of Carol Padden's workplace?
Which is the Wikidata property example for Serge Blanco?
When did Tony Lockett receive the Coleman Medal?
What gene was determined through TAS to be associated with post-traumatic stress disorder?
How many Commons categories are there for writing?
Who is the {public limited company} for {designed by} of {ARM architecture}
In Macbeth, King of Scotland what gender identify is often confused with man?
Is the GDP (PPP) of Canada equal to 1.26938029456e+12?
Who conferred the Doctor of Philosophy to Camille Jordan?
"Who is the {Gaussian function} named for, whose recorded religious {denomination} was {Lutheranism}?"
Tell me military campaign whose name has the word operation in their name
Who is the{film} for {cast member} of {Al Pacino}
What do the students of Ann C. Noble do?
Where is the death place of Stefan Yavorsky, who has the county seat for the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic?
What country participated in the Cuban Missile Crisis?
What is the engine family with maximum bore?
Which shire is the birth location of Sam Concepcion?
Which is the position played on team or specialty of John Elway?
Which is the set in period of the Old Kingdom of Egypt?
IS THE UPPER LIMIT OF THE SET OF NEGATIVE INTEGERS EQUALS 1-2
Where is total reserves work location of Halldor Laxness?
When was Bobby Fischer a Grandmaster chess player?
When was Matt Lauer nominated for the Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Morning Program?
What is the semantic scholar author ID of Linus Torvalds?
Which nuclear isomer of bismuth has the least neutrons ?
What is Plantarium ID of Diospyros?
What is Google Arts & Culture asset ID for Luncheon of the Boating Party ?
What is the Web Gallery of Art ID of Lucas Cranach the Elder?
When did Juan José Flores begin his term as President of Ecuador?
In which country is Dutch spoken?
Is English the language that Carol I of Romania speaks?
Is the acetaldehyde autoignition temperature 148.0 or greater?
Which is PACTOLS thsaurus ID for Tunis?
What is the name of the character present in Nineteen Eighty-Four?
What is Ford Motor Company's car manufacturer for its business division?
which flammable gas with the minimal lethal dose whose has effect of arsine exposure?
What country with Jeddah and twin cities did Mimar Sinan die in ?
Who is the host of series of The Tonight Show with Jay Leno?
Where did Liam Neeson married Natasha Richardson and why did it end?
How many participants took part in Wars of the Three Kingdoms?
is it true that the polycarbonates operating temperature equals -40?
Was Dan Aykroyd nominated for an Academy Award for Best Actor and a Golden Raspberry Award for Worst Screenplay?
When did Brian O'Driscoll stop playing with Leinster Rugby?
which record did pole vault hold and which is the height?
What is Gerard way's occupation and country of citizenship?
What is the sports of the specialism of Angelo Piffarerio?
"Which is {language official} of {Miss Universe}, where {has case} is {genitive case} ?"
What higher taxons are found in species of hearts?
Is it true that the numeric value of Boltzmann constant is greater than 1.104518816?
What is conversion to standard unit for hour ?
What was the reform for the Yuan dynasty in China?
What is the next season of the Disney Infinity 2.0: Marvel Super Heroes series?
where did mecca locate in time zone and locate in the administrative territorial entity?
Who are the writers of the prequel to "No Reservations: Around the World on an Empty Stomach"?
Who uses Aeroflot, they also use Stobart Air?
What  is Fullmetal Alchemist's Wiki ID?
Which is the Dictionary of Spanish Biography ID for John of the Cross?
Which humans reside in Rotterdam?
Which disease has high disease burden?
What is the artist-info curator id for Damien Hirst?
Name the underground railway station with maximum patronage?
IS THE NUMBER OF SPOILT VOTES OF THE SANTA CRUZ DO SUL MAYORAL ELECTION 2016 EQUALS 4342.8
Who employs the astronaut Gus Grissom?
When did Arthur Ashe retire from tennis?
Is 4 the maximum number of players of the coxless four?
Is Maharashtra in administrative territorial entity of Amravati and Chhattisgarh Division?
Whats Denali's topographic prominence
When does the twinned administrative body Shimane Prefecture,  become known as Jilin?
tell me low-cost airline starts with the letter v
Which chapter is it in this version of Hamlet?
When was Julius Erving awarded to the All-NBA Team?
What territory is Montreal the capitol of?
When did Ricardo Lagos hold the position as President of Chile?
Tell me what is located in or next to body of water of the Kabul River.
What venue was a part of Franco Baresi?
What are the commune of france which start with the letter e
Who lives in Anita Bryant whose arrondissement is Pittsburg County?
What is the currency of Syria?
What role did Winona Ryder receive the Academy Award for Best Actress for?
Does N26 Black have an interest rate equal to 0?
What is the post of Clement Attlee and when he was sworn in?
WHO INFLUENCE THE CREATORS OF VOYAGEURS?
What does manure produce as a by-product?
What is the chemical compound of vinegar?
Who wrote the series 1?
What is the sovereign state of Union for the Mediterranean's total fertility rate?
What is a Class II combustible liquid has the smallest electric dipole moments?
What was the hematologist Julius Nyerere's cause of death?
What city is twinned with Sofia?
Is Jimmy Fallon the spouse of Nancy Juvonen?
Which child of Julio Iglesias won the Latin Grammy Award for Best Male Pop Vocal Album?
Is it true that the parity of the nickel-55 is greater than -0.8?
Tell me the contract of the collection of Lincoln Cathedral that contains the word carta in it's name?
In the region where the King James Version was published, what was the big event?
What is hte Google Doodle for Dorothea Mackellar?
What was the dysnasty of David ?
Did Ford Motor Company own Johnny Lightning and Ford Motor Company Philippines?
Which is the human-geographic territorial entity which starts with the letter w?
In which building is located the diocese of the Russian Orthodox Church ?
What are the astronomical object type  which start with the letter v
What is the top selling single produced by David Bowie?
Where the Russian Empire, Alexandre Scriabin was dead?
What is has father of Guangxu Emporer, that has is daughter of is Imperial Noble Consort Zhuangshun?
Which parent of Fernando Pessoa is named Joaquim?
Which is the NSDAP membership number in 1925-1945 for Adolf Hitler?
Who was the mother of Archduke Franz Ferdinand?
When was Dennis Hopper nominated for a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Miniseries or a Movie?
Was Larry Page a member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences and the National Academy of Engineering?
In which city the main headquarters of the company PricewaterhouseCoopers are located ?
Which club did Richard Bartel play for as team manager?
What is La'szlo" Moholy-Nagy's DACS ID?
Who has the list of the quantum particle types?
How many illnesses are from lead poisoning?
Which is the ice giant that has Sun as parent astronomical body and contains the word uranus in it's name?
What is the twin city of Casimir III the Great's death place?
What organization decides who wins the Tony Awards?
What language did Mary, Queen of Hungary speak?
Name the explosion with the highest number of casualties in the Gulf of Mexico.
How many people are identified as terrorist in the {Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant} ?
Which is the antonym for CFSI of Gujarat?
What is the first described death place of Ariel?
What are the space probe which start with the letter v
What does Metroid develop?
Where is the next crossing downstream of the London Bridge.
Lake Kariba, a tributary of the Luena River, is fed by which river inflows?
What sports team did Birgit Prinz play for and what was the number of points, goals and sets scored?
Was Antonio Banderas's  languages spoken, written or signed Dutch and Spanish ?
What is an attendee of the Russian Air Force called?
Is the mass excess of antimony-121 equal to -89600.321?
Which airline uses Airbus A330
What position was held by William Massey in the electoral district Waitemata?
Which is the mean anomaly of the 4 Vesta?
When did Donetsk stop being named after Joseph Stalin?
What is the Hanseatic city with the highest vehicles per capita (1000) whose category of associated people is Category:People from Lübeck?
Is it true that the cruise speed of the Norwegian Spirit is greater than 25.2?
Is the slope rating of Pebble Beach Golf Links equal to 114.4?
Is it true that Charlie Chaplin knew German?
What is Tippi Hedren's ID of the cinenacional.com person?
As a member of Comecon, what did Bulat Okudzhave found?
which brand that starts with the letter v
What is ICD-9  for tuberculosis
Do the annual number of weddings of the Zelzate equal 52?
In the history of Algebra what is the Universal Decimal Classification?
How many processor cores does the Core 2 Quad have?
Name the Class IB flammable liquid with maximum combustion enthalpy?
Tell me the academic writing of author Charles Darwin that contains the word origin in it's name!
What is the name of the shore that Willa cather died on?
Mention the public official holidays granted in Sweden related to the resurrection of Jesus and commemorates.
Was Paracetamol medical condition treated pain and Amanita phalloides?
How many license plate codes are there for Piraeus?
"Which is {place of activity} of {Eleftherios Venizelos}, that has {twin cities} is {Prague} ?"
What is the population of Malaga according to the register office?
What designer was inspired by Component Pascal?
Is amisulpride and lurasidone used for Psychosis treatment?
What is the next platform of 1001 Spikes?
What is Glenda Jackson's title?
Who gave the {has sister} of {marriage partner} of {Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis} ?
What is the German district key of Mönchengladbach
Where is the sovereign state that plays God Save the Queen?
Was Humphrey_Bogart spouse Lauren Bacall and Mayo Methot?
Hubert Dreyfus studied at which college where the school's primary colour is crimson?
Tell me about the unitary state that contains the administrative territorial entity of Sofia.
Where is Paracelsus buried?
What was the language used during the time of the Achaemenid Empire?
How many official residences are there in the Parthian Empire?
Where does Thomas Jefferson's special people stay?
In what year did Martha Argerich marry Stephen Kovacevich?
What is the district of Yemen} with the lowest female population whose located in the administrative territorial entity is 'Amran Governorate ?
What is the theme of "katal," also known as "Sekunde?"
When did Robert Lewandowski stop playing for the Poland National Under-21 Team?
IS THE MEAN ANOMALY OF 1099 FIGNERIA EQUALS 4.72006
Tell me hot spring whose name has the word unapdev in it.
melbourne omni id?
Which is the frequency of the Effelsberg 100-m Radio Telescope?
Who is the inventor or discoverer of Messier 77 whose murder method is yellow fever?
What is the currency for the Australian dollar used in the British Empire?
Did Jimi Hendrix serve in the US Army?
What's the name of the color model that starts with an "h"?
What are the new religious movement which start with the letter syntheism
Which is the Norwegian municipality number for Spitsbergen?
Is the stellar rotational velocity of Beta Herculis less than 2.4?
What what is city-state highest judical authority by HCC and also which starts with letter h
When was Marissa Mayer no longer working at Yahoo?
Who is {nominated for} of {Woody Allen} whose {for work} is {Deconstructing Harry} ?
Where is the {residence} and the {occupation} of {Johnny_Knoxville} ?
Did Winston Churchill receive his education at Great Ballard School?
What is the number of neutrons in helium-3?
Is the max glide ratio of the SZD-59 Acro 40?
What art exhibition was Vincent van Gogh a participant in?
When did Theodore Roethke cease to reside in Washington?
Tell me opera whose name has the word zhenitba in it
What was Dominique Blanc nominated for at the 26th César Awards?
who television program for presenter of oprah winfrey?
What vaccine starts with the letter "v"?
What is the item operated by the airline Airbus A380?
When did Stephen Harper begin his term as Prime Minister of Canada?
Which taxon is named after David Bowie?
Which is the member of political party of Booker T. Washington?
When did position held of Mehmed the Conqueror and end time?
What is it?
Are the eligible voters of the Catalan regional election 2015 in la Quar equal to 40?
What ARE {Commons Institution page} of {Musée national d'Art moderne} ?
What is monomer of propylene ?
What is the taxon rank of Spider and who is Spider's parent taxon?
What is the full name of the singer Cher?
TELL FILM GENRE WHOSE NAME HAS THE WORD WESTERN IN TI
how many habitats does varanus komodoensis have?
Tell me which is the world view that starts with the letter t?
Are Las Vegas, Phuket and Huludao twinned administrative bodies?
What wards are in the Hautes-Pyrenees district?
Is the minimum wavelength of sensitivity of the Ukrainian T-shaped Radio telescope, second modification equal to 9.1?
Which is the FIL ID of Felix Loch?
Who are the inhabitants of Taiwan?
Which is the ISBN identifier group for South Korea?
what is louis leakey named by?
Which is {distance} of {tributary} of {Gulf of Guinea} ?
Which {member} is {author} of {Two Treatises of Government} ?
Which city has maximum age of compulsory education?
What product is made by P-26B Peashooter?
May I have directions to Naqsh-e Jahan Square, please?
What is the population of Angers as determined by population without double counting?
What airline operated the Airbus A340?
How many editors are there for Vogue magazine?
What is the ICAO airport code for the Shanghai Pudong International Airport?
Which Ritchey–Chrétien telescope in the European Southern Observatory has the most observing time available?
When did Vigdís Finnbogadótti receive an award as honorary doctor of the Paris-Sorbonne University?
What is Fred Hollows signed language used in his case?
Name someone related to Ezra Pund
Is the chromosome count of the Passiflora equal to 36?
In what movie did Val Kilmer play as Moses?
Which is the newspaper format for Die Zeit?
Tell me an automobile marque in the London Stock Exchange that starts with the letter "t".
Who did Indra Nooyi hire as chief executive officer?
Who is Mongolia in diplomatic relations with, that has it local government in Hubei?
what is in the office held by head of state of knyaz ?
Did {Freemasonry} and {history of topic} {history of Freemasonry}?
What fictional city is the Andy Griffith Show set in
What did Hagia Sophia commission and found?
Who discovered sodium?
What is the height of the highest peak of Mount Whitney?
What is {WHO Hotel} of {treated by} of {feebleness} ?
What video game has the smallest amount of players and is free?
When did Robert Mueller start as the United States Deputy Attorney General?
What is timeline of topic for precedes has Prehistoric Egypt ?
What is the sequel to The Matrix?
What colors are streaked in a pearl?
Which subsidiary company is developed by NTFS?
What is in the Indian reservation of twin cities of Panama City?
What is the inflation rate of consumer price index of the basin countries of Java Sea ?
Who is the artist that painted this image of Richard III of England?
what is physical phenomenon  name starts with s
Complete information for the GCFC2 gene.
Which is the medication that vinegar is used as material?
How many houses are in Tolyatti?
Which is said to be the same as a square metre?
What is named for the Thomson scattering and has significance with the plum pudding model?
When did Harrison Ford receive his Golden Glove award from Cecil B. DeMille ?
who is the dialect of british english?
What is discrete mathematics?
Which is the biogeochemical cycle which starts with letter c?
Does the maximum frequency of audible sound of the Homo sapiens equal 20?
WHO BURIED THE CREATORS OF THE SACRIFICE AT LYSTRA?
which custom starts with z
Does the laps completed by the 1924 Lorraine-Dietrich number 6 greater than 142.8?
When Matt Busby started as member of sports team at Manchester City F.C.?
WHICH LAGOON HAVE THE HIGHEST RESISDENCE TIME OF WATER?
When did Henryk Sienkiewicz receive a nomination for the Nobel Prize in Literature?
What is the total fertility rate in the county seat of Bujumbura?
Tell me the position that starts with the letter y
What is the union lacking cohesion  for sedan
What is the TMDB TV ID for ER?
What is constellation of 47 Tucanae ?
What is IAT weightlifter ID for Hossein Rezazadeh?
Which is the biological process that contains the word viral in it's name?
What does the academic minor of ethnology entail?
Which Parlophone label artist was the song “Yesterday” written by?
Is Beijing a twinned administrative body with Nur-Sultan and Salo?
For which work did Carlos Ruiz Zafon receive the Crimezone Thriller Award?
Who was killed by William the Silent?
Was Jerry_Seinfeld educated at Queens College and State University of New York at Oswego?
tell me about the position that martin McGuinness elected in?
When did single for genre of hard rock?
n/a
What are the instructions for safe use of uracil?
What award follows the Hasselblad Award received by Susan Meiselas?
What position did Vannevar Bush hold for the MIT Corporation?
What user of Concord has Concorde 211 in it's fleet?
When did Gina Haspel begin working as the Deputy Director of the CIA?
When did syllabary for facet of of Japanese?
What is the name of the airline that operated Airbus A300?
Where is the Comarca of Catalonia, which shares border with Noguera, with the lowest nominal GDP per capita?
What is the SWIDT/BIC code for the Industrial and Commercial Bank of China?
Is it true that the total reserves of Netherlands less than 51665309263.2?
Where where the rural scenes for the first Star Wars movie filmed?
What's is Weimar Republic's official anthem?
How many places located in time zone of {Oceania} ?
What is the seat of Le Monde, whose river basin district is Seine Basin?
What is it that is located in the administrative unit of Menshikov Palace in Saint Petersburg, which has administrative divisions in Solnechnoye, Saint Petersburg?
When was Malala Yousafzai nominated for the National Malala Peace Prize?
What is the place where filmed Andrei Rublev whose village is Ryazansky District?
Is the illiterate population of Shirsha 0?
What postal code is at the boundry of Aurora?
which unit  of mass starts with z
What is Forth Bridge's Brueckenweb ID?
What is Takeshi Kitano's Nihon Taernto Miekan ID?
What type of fantasy film is Peter Pan?
Did Netherlands participate in Korean War?
What has Jon Landau of Avatar fame been nominated for?
What are the mausoleum which start with the letter z
Does the number of out-of-school children on Earth more than 352800000?
Is the block size of the CAST-256 less than 102.4
The natural script of the Arabic alphabet has what uses?
Was Blade Runner nominated for Saturn Award for Best Actor?
Which is the Spenserians person ID of William Cowper?
Who wrote The Legend of Sleepy Hollow?
According to the Wikimedia project of vital articles name the gas company has the least amount albedo?
What did the census find as the population for Halifax?
Did {Princess_Leia} is a {performer} of {Carrie Fisher} and {Ingvild Deila} ?
Is 57.6 the correct focal length of the Hubble Space Telescope?
What is an umbrella term that starts with u?
When did Edward Henry Bush step down as manager/director of the University of London?
What is the BALaT person/organisation id for Hans Memling?
Was Billy the kid a cowboy and an outlaw?
What is the religion of Druze?
Name the stepparent of Sally Field.
According to Theodora's birthdate, was Gregorian born earlier than 1584?
Sulfate ion has what conjugate acid?
What is the mentioned in of the characters of Prince Lestat ?
When did Marrakesh become a city in Morocco?
When did Francisco Franco marry Carmen Polo, 1st Lady of Meiras?
Is the luminous intensity of the Bathurst Lighthouse equal to 13800?
Which day of March is it?
For which work did Jean-Louis Trintignant receive César Award for Best Actor?
Is the quantity of the Borkumer Kleinbahn Moritz 1?
Who is the {G-type main-sequence star} for {child astronomical body} of {Pluto}
Is Usain Bolt's personal best equal to 36.84?
When did partner of Ian McKellen and start time?
How many degree programs does the University of Sydney offer?
Tell me about series of Chrysler Building and follows?
What is themed after the An-225 Mriya, that has been operated by the Russian Air Force?
How many sources of energy are used in automobiles?
What effect does the disease diabetes mellitus have?
Who is the subsidiary to Marvel Comics?
Which is the country that is located in the administrative territorial entity of Sindh?
What is Wereld van Oranje ID of Rinus Michels ?
Is the longest span of the Roosevelt Island Bridge less than 101.6?
What is Giovanni Bellini's Museo del Prado artist ID?
Is it true that Wallis Simpson is the spouse of Edward VIII?
WHICH IS MEASURED BY PHYSICAL QUANTITY OF WATT HOUR
Which is the {song} {published} of {Septuagint}?
where did the yerevan administrative territorial entinty located and end its end time?
Tell me the rock band that has PureVolume as website and contains the word u2 in it's name?
Which is the Metacritic ID for Titanic?
Who is the child and spouse of Quincy Jones?
When is {national holiday} of {comes from} of {Battle Royale} ?
What is Salt Lake City's category for films shot and the associated people?
Who gave the{voice actors} of {part of series} of {The Butterjunk Effect} ?
Which is the Leidse Hoogleraren ID of Albert Einstein?
tell me wine color that starts with w
What is the end time and place of marriage of Ernest Borgnine who has Ethel Merman as his wife?
What is the Guinea-Bissau total fertility rate as determined by the estimation process?
Is the position angle of the northwest equal to 315?
who date incorporated of honours of andrei gromyko ?
Amsterdam Metro has what type of electrification?
What does the type of media in Premiere pluie represent?
Who gave the {representative} of {painters} of {Relativity} ?
Which books are in Bill Gates collection?
Who is the  {human} for {member of political party} of {Social Democratic Party of Germany}
What {piece} of {Michigan} has been {subdivided into} {Mason County}?
Is Amsterdam located in or next to a body of water?
What caused Jimi Hendrix to die from asphyxia?
What determination method is the estimation process for population of Virginia Beach?
Did Marlin Firearms and SME Ordnance manufacture the MR carbine?
Which is the parent taxon for Python reticulatus?
what is bnc id for university of salamanca?
Do the number of Strong Men's works equal 12?
Who wrote the bibliographic citation titled SIV-induced instability of the chimpanzee gut microbiome?
Tell me about position held of Edmund Barton and electoral district?
Which is FoodEx2 code for whisky?
What is the daily does of lidocaine?
Which is the EHAK ID for Tallinn?
In what year did Constans II die?
What is the career of the religious affiliation of First Epistle of John?
What is the Hypertext Transfer Protocol document
Was Aaron_Burr position held Vice President of the United States and Attorney General of New York?
What is the French pronunciation of apple?
Benjamin Franklin is of what Mormon Literature and Creative Arts Database Artist ID?
What was Cliff Robertson nominated Best Actor at the Academy Awards for?
Give the name of the taxon with the lowest chromosome quantity whose progenitor is Passifloraceae.
What award Paul Scofield received for his work A Man for All Seasons?
What are the intelligence agency which start with the letter s
Which is the ESPN X Games athlete ID of Nyjah Huston?
Who was the consecrator for Paul VI?
Who gave the {member of} of {author} of {Private Investigations} ?
What is the county seat for the train station serves at the Qamishi Airport?
How many days left until Mother's Day?
What taxon is used to produce silk ?
What is signs of cause  of tetraethyl pyrophosphate ?
What is the Population I star of Neptune
Who wrote The Jungle Book ?
Krater is the predecessor of what civilization?
What are the coordinates for the International Atomic Energy Agency headquartered in Vienna?
What are the coordinates to the source of the Murray River?
What are the legislative and executive bodies of Arunachal Pradesh?
What is the Surfline ID of Duke Kahanamoku?
Where was the creator of "Nude Figure" born?
Tell me what work Helen Miren was nominated for?
Which is World Waterfall Database ID for Iguaçu Falls?
What area has Ryan Reynolds lived in that has a border with West Athens?
Which is the highest judicial authority for Supreme Court of the United States?
When did the Hermann von Werberg stop being the manager/director of Order of Saint John (Bailiwick of Brandenburg)?
Was Quantum_mechanics creator Max Planck and Eugene Wigner ?
What is present in work of Zorro?
Did Leonard Cohen work in the same field as Gil Scott-Heron?
What is the { start time } for { Jakarta } as { Tokyo } has { twined administrative body }?
Where is the place of death of John Stuart Mill, that is also a sister city of Ioannina?
What is the language of work and narrative location of the book Of Mice and Men?
who is PhD advisor for doctoral student of Louis Marin ?
Tell me what is the determination method for hepatitis B with a genetic association of HLA-DPB1?
What is Leon Lai's HKMDb ID?
Tell me the producer and executive producer of The Empire Strikes Back?
Who is the leader and office of Tamil Nadu?
Where is Priyanka Chopra's citizenship and what is her religion?
After London Bridge, what crossing comes upstream next?
Was Jon Voight nominated for Broadcast Film Critics Association Award for Best Supporting Actor and Boston Society of Film Critics Award for Best Actor?
When was Geraldine Page the spouse of Alexander Schneider?
who political border for has effect of Congress of Vienna?
does the program support the language of the assembly language
What tributary ends in the Jari River?
Is it true that the minimum frequency of audible sound of the dog is less than 80.4?
When was Glenn Seaborg nominated for the Nobel Prize in Chemistry?
Where is Islamabad located ?
Is it true Nicole_Kidman country of citizenship Australia?
How is artifical intelligence different from statistical classification?
who member  of played by of The Blue Ridge Rangers Rides Again ?
Which is the École normale alumnus ID for Joseph Fourier?
Which is the {military rank} and the {military branch} of {Manfred_von_Richthofen} ?
What is it?
Who replaced Benjamin Disraeli as the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom?
what is solves os make use of  link state  routing protocol?
How many operating systems does Skype have?
What are the dialect that writing system Cantonese Braille and which that starts with the letter c
What award did Rex Harrison win for his work in My Fair Lady?
What is the flag for the Flag of China?
When did Brett Favre become a member of the Green Bay Packers?
To which musical genre does the musician Disappeared belong?
What was the role of W.E.B. Du Bois as a member of Alpha Phi Alpha?
For what work Ellen Burstyn has nominated to Academy Award for Best Actress?
When did Claudio Abbado receive the Royal Philharmonic Society Gold Medal award?
What episode in the series Marc Anthony is entitles Marco?
business entity in Russia
What business is Steve Bannon's employer in?
Did Ted Bundy kill with electric current?
Name the official designation held by Bashar al-Assad
What number was Guadalupe Victoria President of Mexico?
What forename of John Henry Anderson's is the same as Gian?
which class of instruments starts with s
What are the ship type which start with the letter w
Was Jennifer Hudson in the running for the Academy Award for Best Actor and the NAACP Image Award for Outstanding Duo or Group?
What work was Mary Magdalene involved in and at where did she die?
Name the award for which Franco Zeffirelli was nominated for his/her work in Romeo and Juliet?
What subordinate companies does Dassault of Rafale hold?
What noble title did Berengar I of Italy hold and who was his successor?
For what piece of work was Viola Davis nominated for a Tony Award for Best Featured Actress in a Play?
Name a high-altitude German aircraft.
What is Uppsala's Swedish municipality code?
How much child astronomical bodies are in a Virgo Supercluster?
What is solubility of carbon monoxide ?
Which products are made by Pilatus P-5?
Which is the seat of the radio station of Prime News?
How many runways are at Charles de Gaulle Airport in Paris?
Name the tour in Teatro Colón with the most representations ?
Who is the suspect of the Battle of Bouvines, whose gender identity is male?
What medication works on Chickenpox?
What website starts with the letter "z"?
n/a
How many first aid measures are there for mercury poisoning?
Which is coextensive with of Brasília?
Tell me the media franchise for the language of the Japanese?
What position Rafael Correa was elected in Ecuadorian general election, 2009?
Which company {manages} {Boeing 707} for which the {holding company} is {United Continental Holdings}?
Who is the HQ admin of the parent company of The New Yorker?
What is in the category of opera house?
What is formation of executive authority of darts ?
Who is the father of Amitabh Bachchan?
What country is The Star-Spangled Banner connect to?
TELL ME THE TERM THAT STARTS WITH V
What is the mantra created by Vishvamitra that contains the word "Gayatri" in its title?
Ebola is caused by what taxon?
$3.95 per usage day, with a maximum rate of $19.75
What is the confederation of the Saxe-Hildburghausen ?"
WHICH IS THE NATIONAL SPORTS TEAM THAT IN THE COUNTRY OF AUSTRALIA WHICH STARTS WITH T
Which tram-train, with the maximum capacity, is normally used as ERROR1?
Is it true that the compression ratio of the Renault 4P equals to 5.8?
Which is the island located in the natural feature of Lewis, Dell Mill?
Is the maximum age for compulsory education in Egypt equal to 14?
For what work was Judy Garland given the Grammy Hall of Fame award?
Tell me which is the world day that contains the word nations in it's name!
In the sport of professional wrestling, what is the championship?
Who is {premier} of {hometown} {Leo Frank} ?
When did member of sports team of Rabah Madjer and number of points/goals/set scored?
When did Brynn Thayer star in Days of our Lives?
Name the high school shooting with the most shooters ?
Which is the adjacent station of Govan subway station?
What is the federated state located in the Weimar Republic?
In which film do you expect most average shot length?
Which career chemist developed radium?
Neon Genesis Evangelion is based on what Manga?
Over what period was the Ryukyu Kingdom a vassal state?
Is it true that the flattening of the Sun equals to 0.000009?
What Author has a Physics book written by him / her, who's favorite player is Democritus?
What is Lionel Messi's base salary?
What state borders Qualcomm?
Is the the boiler pressure of Norfolk and Western Railway class J more than 360?
How many leagues are there for Chelsea F.C.
Was the budget of "Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs" greater than $200,000.00?
What is Moon Jae-in's position ?
How many sources of energy are for plough?
Which disease has the longest incubation period and whose primary symptoms include abdominal pain?
In what year did Antoine de Saint-Exupery receive the National Book Award for Nonfiction?
What is the anatomically connects with the esophagus
What is the COSPAR ID for New Horizons?
Who is the {sibling} and the {child} of {Jerry_Van_Dyke} ?
What city is the twinned administration for Nagasaki?
What public office does John Jay hold?
Tell me about sovereign state for diplomatic relation of Soviet Union?
Is the isospin z-component of the antineutron equal to 0.5?
What did Norbert Kolten found?
What is Pete Conrad's backup or reserve team or crew?
What is {tribute to} {before} of {Daizen-ji} ?
what were the economic  branch of shareholder of google public area?
Inform us about the maximum total reserves of the country?
Is the genre for Radiohead rock music and experimental rock?
Where in Israel did Ovadia Yosef die?
When did Konigsberg stop being located in the administrative territorial entity of East Prussia ?
What are the religious text which start with the letter t
Which company owns the American Broadcasting Company?
What's Pete Townshend's lyrics song?
When did silent film for film editor of Sergei Eisenstein?
What are the languages spoken by Cesare borgia who has 1 safe AWLD status?
What is the readable file format for YouTube?
What magnetic moment is an antonym of 'electron hole'?
Is the flash point of picric acid equal to 302?
Do LA and Santa Monica share a border?
What is the currency for the Weimar Republic?
What's the study of natural language processing?
What is {end time} and {start time} of {{Boeing 747} has {operator} as {Air Algérie}} ?
What is part of constellation to parent body of HD 74156 c ?
Name E. Coli's strain with the highest optimum viable temperature
Were John Nash and William Winder architects of the Buckingham Palace?
Which is the reply to postmodernism?
What are some hard rock albums?
What are the state function which start with the letter z
Who is the first person which contains the word phoroneus in his name?
What is divided into  diplomatic relation of Belarus ?
What was Rama's next series after Balabhadra?
who association football club for member of sports team of alan shearer?
The birth location of Jack Black has a twin city in Shanghai. Which city is it?
Name a sovereign state in which English is the official language of.
What oil drop experiment is the ASME Medal named for?  What is the prize awarded?
Which is the death place of J. P. Morgan?
Is the shelf life of the Quinte equal to 10?
Was BIll Clinton a member of the French-American Foundation?
Where on a natural feature, and when, was Time Inc. founded?
what is the etymology of fermi gas,that has language written in Italian?
What are the region covered by Lighthouse of Alexandria which is located in twin cities in Kazanlak?
Tell me the legal right influenced by Richard Dawkins?
What is Michael Faraday's EGAXA ID?
Which is the zbMATH author ID of Lloyd Shapley?
What headquarters in the City of Westminster is William Etty a member of?
How many people practice tennis?
What archives are located at Bauhaus?
What political figure was part of the First Crusade?
Where is the terminus location for the Channel Tunnel?
Which is the Online World of Wrestling ID for Verne Gagne?
Which characters has Jerry Seinfeld played?
Who is the daughter-in-law of Frederick III, Holy Roman Emperor, whose sister or brother is Friedrich von Brandenburg-Ansbach?
Who does the voice of Thomas the Tank Engine on the show Thomas and Friends?
North Vietnam has which ISO 3166-3?
What are the modern language which start with the letter thai
What were the characteristics of the historical inhabitants of Macau?
What is the capital of Karnataka?
what is Atlanta's territorial entity and time zone?
Which is {time zone} of {Arizona State University} {land} ?
Who is Jennifer Hudson's spouse or partner?
Which is TeX string of flat ?
What is AcademiaNet ID of Jocelyn Bell Burnell ?
Which is {has towns} of {nationality} of {Rollo May} ?
"What is {forename} of {John of Scotland}, whichhas {is said to be the same as} is {Hanns} ?"
What is the platform ID for GAMECIP on XBOX?
What is Uniform Resource Identifier Scheme  for transport layer security?
What is the place of death of Kurt Vonnegut whose country is United States of America?
What are the municipalities in the History of Northern Ireland?
What is the character role of Kate Walsh in Grey's Anatomy?
what is the topic of history  and opposite of capitalism?
What are the Greco-Roman mysteries which start with the letter mysteries
who doctoral student of advisor of Johannes diderik van der waals ?
WHat is the currency issued by the Bank of Japan that starts with letter J ?
what is the {start time} for {Yakutsk} which has {located in the administrative territorial entity} as {Sakha Republic} ?
In 1874 the McIntosh family moved to 2 Firpark Street, Dennistoun, from which William McIntosh rented part of the grounds of Golfhill House. There he grew flowers in which his family were encouraged to take an interest, the origin of Mackintosh's life-long interest in botanical forms as a subject matter for the watercolours and sources for his decorative work. At the age of seven Mackintosh was sent first to Reid's School, and then to Alan Glen's, despite suffering from dyslexia. There a chill on the sportsfield resulted in a slight droop of the right eyelid visible in some photographs.
How many have the attribute for the {Athena} ?
Was catastrophism studied by memes?
Tell me identical twins whose name has the word veronicas in it
What is the manner and place of death of Jeff Buckley?
Is the position angle of the southeast by south equal to 117?
Which is the IPI base code for Jean-Michel Basquiat?
What is { Publication Date } of { Sonic Hedgehog } which is { Platform } is { Sega Mega Drive }?
Who is the captain of the Indian national cricket team?
Is Lady Gaga's residence Malibu?
In which building the New York Stock Exchange is located ?
tell me hindu temple which name has the word temple in it
What is the source of income for subsidy?
Who is the illustrator of Charles Dana Gibson?
Which is the SI base unit measured by temperature?
Which is the Unicode character for burrito?
What is the SFDb ID for ABBA?
Is Satan present in Perelandra and in Little Nicky?
Which is the phase of matter for sulfuric acid?
Is the total expenditure of the Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania equal to 236000000?
"What is the Alumni of Marvin Hamlisch, that has Carnegie Classification of Institutions of Higher Education cultivating Arts & Sciences plus professions, and some graduate coexistence?"
Frank Lloyd Wright, the famous architect's house, is located where?
What is the total fertility rate of the country that originated hard rock?
What video game company is Gabe Newell associated with?
Which is the web series of the creator of Felicia Day?
Which triple star system has the most stellar rotational velocity?
Which tournament in New Zealand has the fewest losses?
Where is {prime minister} {Emma Goldman}'s {place of activity}   ?
When did Wolfgang Pauli receive the Franklin Medal?
What is Adi Shankara's estimated date of death?
who is the country code top-level domain for top-level Internet domain of Czechoslovakia?
Tell me the painting technique that contains the word wet in their name
WHO IS THE FATHER OF THE FILM DIRECTOR OF HUMILIATION?
Give the name of the city with the most vehicles per capita (1000)?
In which language or work, Friday has been named after number 5?
Who is Kenneth D. West Ph.D supervisor?
Was Marco Polo born in Venice?
What denomination has influence of Irwin Corey?
Guess the component that results into the initiation of the automobiles
Which is the combustible powder for the medical condition inflammation?
What position is held by Neville Chamberlain and when was he elected?
Which is the data set for the event of Juan Carlos I?
What is the state of belligerents of Muslim conquest of the Maghreb?
Mobutu Sese Seko replaced  Haile Selassie I of Ethiopia in what position?
How many conjugations are there in Latin?
"Which is {nomination received} of {Andy Murray}, that has {winners} is {Juan Pablo Montoya} ?"
Which is the electric dipole moment of oxalic acid?
What is a PNG's Kaitai Struct format gallery ID?
what is the capital of babylon?
How many degree programs does the University of Sydney offer?
What is the Hepatitis B gene?
Who is the spouse of the characters in The Bacchae?
What lake is located in Munich?
Do the trolleybuses in Cremona have a voltage less than 480?
which is portrayed by famous work of weng qingxi
What was the end time for All My Children on the original network and The Online Network?
What is {in narrative} of {sidekick of} {Luigi} ?
Who is the daughter of Great Britain's King George II, that married to Frederick II and was the Landgrave of Hesse-Kassel?
How many dynamic viscosity numbers are there in the {ethyl acetate} ?
Which is the PSH ID for biodiversity?
Name a participant of the American Revolutionary War.
When did member of sports team of Javier Zanetti and number of matches played?
Does Hungary's unemployment rate equal 8?
What are the historical ethnical group that starts with the letter 'x'
Name the country that is a member of the UN's Educational, Scientific & Cultural Organization with the least amount of compulsory educations?
Name a salad that contain the word "yam" in its name ?
When was Utrecht located in Zuyderzée?
What character in Twin Peaks was played by Michael Ontkean?
What's located in the administrative unit of Banjarmasin that has arrondissements in Barito Kuala.
When did Charles Taylor receive the Kluge Prize award?
What is the public office of the government ran by Shantou?
What is the opposite of extinction?
who named for the classical mechanics,that has craft of philosopher?
Which is the Architectuurgids building ID for Delta Works?
What is Michael Shellenberger's job?
Is Theresa May's family name Brasier?
What was Indiana Jones performed in the Young Indiana Jones and the Treasure of the Peacock's Eye?
What are the series ordinal of Evo Morales, the President of Bolivia?
WHO IS THE AGENT TOOK PART INHENDRAN
Which is the peakware mountain ID for Mount Fairweather?
What weapon model has the highest pressure?
Is the life expectancy of Ireland equal to 97.928784?
Who is the member of the as directed by the {Dolores Claiborne} ?
Which is the PRONOM software identifier of Windows XP?
Which is the Great Russian Encyclopedia Online ID for actinium?
Was Batman partner Diana Prince?
What unions does the European Parliament participate in?
Who edited the HBW and BirdLife International Illustrated Checklist of the Birds of the World?
Name a county in England used for many movie shootings that  starts with letter H
which direction is Bruno Latour?
which agricultural deity that contains the saturn in their name
Which is the ACM Digital Library author ID for Grace Hopper?
What religion is studied by the Slavs?
Which is the openMLOL author ID of Ralph Richardson?
What is the tropical cyclone with the highest cost of damage whose topic's main category is Category:Hurricane Sandy ?
Who is the financial backer of Irish Wikibooks?
Tell me the retail chain which starts with letter z!
Where did Henry and Nancy Kissinger get married?
Where would I find medical information about specific visual impairments?
Who is the daughter of Iskandar Thani?
What is position angle of east ?
Which acid anhydride containing oxygen has the lowest thermal conductivity ?
what is in the BIBSYS ID of Lili Elbe?
When did Bob Hoe received his award as Library of Congress Living Legend?
What is the postal code for Cardiff University, whose headquarters is in Cardiff?
What is the PSS-archi ID for the Eiffel Tower?
tell me mythical human-animal hybird statrs with p
tell me missionary society that starts with s
What is the destination of Voyager 1 and where does it start from?
When did Selena Gomez become romantically involved with Justin Bieber?
Which is LibriVox author ID for Henry Clay?
What is the city located in the administrative entity of Golden Horde
What is Mount Shasta's VOGRIPA ID?
What is the {garrison} of {Die Welt} that {has municipalities} in {Friedrichshain-Kreuzberg}?
IS THE TOTAL PRODUCED OF DR CLASS E 15 EQUALS 1
What is the {capital} of England, it {is in the administrative unit} of {Kingdom of Wessex}?
Is the operating income of Burger Kind 363,000,000?
When did Leonidas of Rhodes receive the award as winner of stadion at the ancient Olympic Games?
who replaces for Philippe Pétain has position held as Deputy Prime Minister of France ?
Is the orbital inclination of the 1045 Michela equal .2648?
Who gave the depiction of the pendant to the Attributes of Music?
What is a follower of Swami Vivekananda called?
Who is the {play} for {depicted by} of {Richard III of England}
What was "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon" nominated for on the 73rd Academy Awards?
What is Petronas Towers architect called
Which birth city of Zhu Hi has administrative divisions in Yimen Country?
What is the history of the event location of Singapore Art Museum?
What are the colors of Herbert Banks team?
Where is the headquarters for the Salvation Army?
How many siblings did Edward III of England have?
Tell me stellar classification whose name has the word type in it.
Where is the coastline of Bouvet Island?
Do Passiflora have a chromosome count equal to 72?
Did Gibraltar claim territory in both the United Kingdom and Spain?
What are the legal profession which start with the letter solicitor
What position was held by Victor Yanukovych and then by Oleksandr Turchynov?
Which country contains Sofia?
Did Barack Obama give an academic degree to Gilbert Teodoro?
What is Reddit's working, name, or programming language?
What degree did Martin Luther King Jr. receive at the Crozer Theological Seminary?
Tell me leather whose name has the word suede  in it.
How many children are out of school because of the decolonization of Africa?
Who is the person in the field of work of ophthalmology?
The National Aeronautics and Space Administration is an organization from which federal government?
What method was used to determine that ASRGL1 had a genetic association to chronic obstructive pulmonary disease?
Where is the birth place of Fred MacMurray?
Who is {musician} of {prequel of} of {Hero} ?
When did Rocío Jurado marry Pedro Carrasco?
Who was the second doctoral advisor to Andreas Vesalius?
Which is the doctoral thesis for literary theory?
When did Muhammad Ali convert to Sunni Islam?
What is unit symbol of lumen ?
What was Harrison Ford's character role in Star Wars Episode VI: Return of the Jedi?
How do you treat pheonl disease
What record is the held for disc golf and where is it held?
Which is published on Minesweeper,that has translation of Windows 2000?
What award did Ilya Mehnikov win where the champ was Louis Agassoz?
What TV network, broadcasting in English, contains the letters "RT" in its name?
What are the aspect of music  which start with the letter p
How many different ways can you ingest acetaminophen?
According to Royal and Parliamentary Titles Act 1927, when did John Maynard Keynes die?
What is the theme of Isaac's significant work?
What cast member's role is Miss Rosa in Orange is the New Black?
Which is the ATP player ID for Ken Rosewall?
What is the child astronomical body of makemake?
The surname of Helmuth von Moltke the Younger begins with which letter in the Latin alphabet?
"Which is {twin town} of {Aarhus}, that has {has boroughs} is {Nangang District, Harbin} ?"
Which is the RANM member ID for Santiago Ramón y Cajal?
Which is the magnetic ordering for Iron?
Which voting round had the most abstentions?
Which are the subsidiary entities of shareholders of Harvard Mark I?
On FilmTv.it, what is the movie ID for The Silence of the Lambs?
Do the matches of the 2015 National Women's Soccer League regular season equal 25?
Which county has the burial location of Marie Taglioni?
Is the Rosetta Stone an example of a stele?
For Superman, who was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Sound Mixing?
Name the Class IB flammable liquid with highest density?
Are the total assets of Audi equal to 16800000000?
What's the name of the sister town of the place where Franz Holzapfel died?
How is called the inscription on a remote control unit?
what did the writers of the aryl hydrocarbon receptor work on?
When did John Stockton finished his education at the Gonzaga University?
What is the name of the tributary's river of the lake in New York?
What position did Carl Gustaf Emil Mannerheim have until he was replaced by Juho Kusti Paasikivi?
was Alauddin Khalji the parent of Muiz ud din Qaiqabad and Qutb ud din Mubarak Shah?
Fats Waller AllMusic identification is what?
What musical artists of Finlandia play the genre of music called incidental music?
Which toponym of Classical Cepheid variable has part of constellation that is Cepheus?
What is Disease Ontology ID for leukemia?
Tell me the polychoron that contains the word uniform in their name
Name a movie in the Marvel Cinematic Universe released in 3D ?
Which is the church building for the Hungarian language?
Tell me Internet Standard whose name has the word utf  in it.
Which is the award that Angus Deaton received following Jean Tirole
What is a highly literate Polish person?
What is the prefectural assembly with the  highest number of seats whose applies to jurisdiction is Mie Prefecture?
Mahmoud Abbas is a citizen of which country?
Which Brazilian dam failure left the most missing people?
Who was Superman's sidekick?
Who is the person that was the wife of General Tom Thumb?
What philosophical school and movement was Thomas Aquinas a part of?
"Who is {died in} of {Patriarch Joseph}, that has {has districts} is {Yuzhnoye Tushino District} ?"
What sovereign state does Rodrigo Duterte preside over?
Where is the principle office of Sciences Po that is in districts of the 20th Arrondissement of Paris?
Who is the developer of NGC 7027 whose second language is French?
What colours are on Kashirskaya?
"Hannes Alfivén was a member of what organization that is headquartered in Frescati?"
Which is the business that is designed by ARM architecture?
What is the unit of mass that contains the word "way " in its name
Name a city next to LOS angeles
What is the hinfluence of the language of expression of Christina Grimmie?
Name the isotope of holmium with the smallest spin quantum number ?
What type of relationship is in between Toyotomi Hideyoshi and Gohime?
Is Forest Whitaker in genres of buddy films and drama?
In which year County of Flanders was located in the administrative territorial entity of the Holy Roman Empire?
Which  is symbol of inverse of impedance ?
What subject in the history of Wisconsin tells of the division of St. Croix County?
which battle that participant nazi germany starts with s
Which organization is Abu Musab al-Zarqawir allied with?
Is it true that the isospin quantum number of Delta baryon equals to 1.5?
Is 41.269065 the declination of the Andromeda Galaxy?
Is the main voltage of Fiji more than 192.0?
Who is the voice actor in Aqua Teen Hunger Force?
Which ship has the most masts?
What computer file can produce a spreadsheet?
Who is the student of William of Ockham?
Who is affiliated with NYU?
When did Animal Farm win the Prometheus Award - Hall of Fame award?
Who is the founder of Mad Decent?
What is in the category of Don Quixote?
What is the Indonesian ethnicity code for grain?
What body of work did Paddy Chayefsky get nominated an Academy Award for Best writing, Original Screenplay?
What is the prevalence of tuberculosis?
Which belligerents competed in Klaus Brähmig?
At what start time does Guillaume Apollinaire take his occupation as a censor?
what is the diaspora of moors?
Which is the length of the Green River?
When Peter Ustinov was nominated Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor?
Isospin and symmetry
What is petit-patrimoine.com ID for Bibracte?
Did Oprah Winfrey conduct an important interview?
Who co-founded the region release of "An Introduction to the History of Science"?
What was the noble title of Lothair I?
What is the name of a firearm that starts with the letter s.
What is the official app of Instagram?
What is Eldoblaje original id for Ted Danson?
Name the winner of the FIFA World Cup match between Sweden and England.
What is aircraft in fleet for item operator of tank ?
What does Universal Declaration of Human Rights mean in Portuguese?
What has died in Solon which has the twin city Barcelona?
What is the CETS number of the European Convention on Human Rights?
When did monument for depicts of Dante Alighieri?
What point group and streak color does quartz have?
which is the eye and hair color of Tyra_Banks?
Who {painted} {Porky Pig} that also has a {surname} of {Freleng}?
Who were the inhabitants of the state of Ancient Egypt?
What is the name for someone who lives in the Soviet Union
Which is the ZooBank publication ID of the American Journal of Botany?
What are the human settlement which start with the letter z
What Julie Andrews was nominated for The Sound of Music?
When did chairperson of Communist Party of China and followed by?
Who played the alumni of the role model of George Saunders?
Which is {sports league} of {team played for} {Hope Solo} ?
Which is the former populated place of country of Golden Horde?
Where did the M4 weapon originate from?
When did Angela Merkel  begin her term as prime minister?
What award did Duke Ellington receive for Jonas?
In what country is Stanford University's Stanford headquarters?
Who lives in the birthplace of Oliver Heaviside?
When did Marja van Bijsterveldt start as the head of the municipal council?
Who is the person that was the mother of Patty Duke?
What is the influence of Walker Percy,that has participated in conflict in world war II?
What citation is published in the journal of Strategies for reporting health plan performance information to consumers; evidence from controlled studies?
Which brother or sister of Artemis has a kid named Hymen?
Are Robin, Starfire, and Cyborg from the DC Universe?
What is name of the river located next to Chongqing?
When and what was  the position held by Deodoro da Fonseca?
When was Brigham Young no longer married to Ann Eliza Young?
TELL ME PROGRAMMING LANGUAGE WHOSE NAME HAS THE WORD XL IN IT,
Nigel Farage was employed by whom and until when?
Which is the umbrella term which contains the word undead in it's name?
What are the plague pandemics which start with the letter p
Is the upper limit of the 1 E1 greater than 120.0?
Does the Sandbox-Quantity of December 27th equal 32.4?
What was William Goldman nominated for at the 49th Academy Awards?
What is satellite of orbits for Mimas ?
What are the cryptid which start with the letter yowie
What country in the Holy Roman Empire was Innocent IV born in?
What part of the series is Lands of Lore: Guardians of Destiny?
When was Jadwiga of Poland married to Wladyslaw II Jagiello?
Who composed West Side Story?
What street is the publisher of De revolutibus orbium coelestium on?
Does Cricket use Flavour and Life?
What is Mia Hamm's ASHOF athlete ID?
Which is the fictional humanoid that is represented by Iron Maiden?
Which terrorist attack left maximum number of survivors?
Which is the NSZL ID of Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers?
What is pseudonym of Jin Yong ?
Which is the city that is capital of Austrian Empire?
What is the central processing unit with a minimum FSB speed whose lithorgraphy is 45 nanometers?
What is the occupation of Rachel Sylvester?
which poison lead to less number of victims of killer in Parnu?
Which medicine is the essential treatment for bipolar disorder?
Which place with town rights and privileges has the largest water as percent of area ?
Who are Dan Bilzerian's sibling and father?
Which is the Nintendo Game Store ID for Wii Sports?
Is the number of processor cores for the Core i7-6700 process equal to 4.8?
tell me video game series that contains the word warlords in it
Which is the BHL bibliography ID of American Journal of Botany?
When did member of sports team of Robert Lewandowski and number of matches -played?
Who is a member of the citizens of E.C. Segar?
What is John Bushell's middle name, that is supposed to be the same as Jón?
What country contains Beijing?
What constellation is the star Calpamos part of?
What are the symptoms of the common cold?
When did Wendy Hiller end citizenship with the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland?
What music was from Romeo and Juliet that was college attended at the Saint Petersburg Conservatory?
What are the history of a country or state which start with the letter history
Which famous place of Indian History has a lake on Arabian Sea?
Did Jayalalithaa practice the religion Sikhism?
What is the maximum wavelength of sensitivity for MeerKAT?
What sister city to Haifa is the headquarters of Newcastle University?
What are the market structure which start with the letter oligopoly
ISO 4217 code of renminbi?
In what language is Around the World in Eighty Days known as Jorden rundt pa attio dagar?
Is the the maximum gradient of Lake Line greater than 14.4?
What is the type of business entity of the service operator of HM Prison Lowdham Grange?
how  is solves of Dijkstra's algorithm ?
What business is conducted at the  New York Stock Exchange?
Which is the Cultural heritage database in Sweden ID of National Library of Sweden?
who film for screenwriter of jim henson?
Was Heinrich Himmler awarded the Spanish Cross and the Memel Medal?
What triad is used for the family of Joseph?
What is located in present-day administrative territorial entity for Guayaquil ?
When did Claire Trevor and Milton H. Bren get married?
Was Ronald Reagan a captain in the military rank?
Which is the Czech Monument Catalogue Number of Charles Bridge?
Where is the final assembly of Bijapur held?
What are the fictional hybrid which start with the letter warhawk
What is the value of the computing platform in Castlevania?
When was the Gutenberg Bible printed?
Is the daily patronage of Nishi-Kizu Station in excess of 354.4?
For what work did Andy Samberg win the Golden Globe Award for Best Actor - Television Series Musical or Comedy?
Where is Coimbatore located?
Which is the student register of the University of Helsinki ID 1853-1899 for Carl Gustaf Emil Mannerheim?
What are the types of cuisine that start with letter Z ?
What colors are Renato Bertocchi's team?
Tell me the sovereign state for the capital of Belgrade.
What's the B side of the song We Will Rock You?
What is Paul Rudd's ethnic group and gender?
What is the tributary of the reservoir on this river of Sulak River?
Who was nominated from West Side Story to receive the Academy Award for Best Cinematography and Color?
Who was Sigmund Freud most famous student?
Who is the head of Wenckheim Frigyes?
Which is the lithography for CMOS?
Which is the business with the headquarters location in Barcelona?
Who is the sister of Max Mosley's niece?
When did Eduard Khil receive the award Order of Friendship of Peoples?
Until when was W.G. Grace a member of sports team in London County Cricket Club?
Who are Krishna's father and sibling?
What is the currency of the country which Mary Lou Retton is a citizen of?
Is the flexural modulus of the polyoxymethylene less than 3.12?
WHO IS THE ORGANISER OF THE PLAY OF 1996 NORWEGIAN SINGLE DISTANCE CHAMPIONSHIP IN SPEED SKATING
What is minimalism according to a statement disputed by David in the Bible?
What is it?
Was Angela Lansbury inducted into the Grammy Hall of Fame. and is she a TCA Career Achievement Award winner?
Is the synodic period of the Uranus equal to 369.66?
What computer network protocol runs the main regulatory text of the Hypertext Transfer Protocol?
What at Ferdinand de Saussure has doctoral thesis as De l'emploi du génitif absolu en sanscrit ?
Which organization founded the United Nations General Assembly?
Is it true that the orbits completed of the STS-68 is 218.4?
what did sub-orbital spaceflight mean for the mission that the crew member Alan Shepard was a part of
Which is the opera the lyrics of which were by Philip Glass?
Who is the Louis Pasteur's student?
In which part of Spain did Antonio Gades die?
What is Ardashir owner of?
Was Kate_Winslet partner Stephen Tredre?
Which is the decomposition point for guanine?
Which is the video game for which Gabe Newell is a developer and chief executive officer?
When and where did Victor Hugo married Adèle Foucher?
Which is the YouTube playlist ID for Thriller?
Is the number of children at Grace Park more than 0.8?
What is Eric Heiden's speed skating base.eu ID?
What award did Bob Fosse receive at the 45th Academy Awards?
Does Elton John play the piano?
When Duisburg started as head of government August Seeling?
Who is the partner for Helen Hunt?
In what year was Edward the Martyr buried at the Church of St. Edward the Martyr?
What is the IRMING ID of Oestridae?
Is the radius of Barnard's Star equal to 0.175?
Which means {Storting person ID} from{Trygve Lie} ?
Is the focal height of the Bottenholmen lighthouse less than 5.52?
What is the conjugate acid of sulfuric acid?
Which is the annual energy output for Three Georges Dam?
which conglomerate has the highest market capitalization?
Does the Sanskrit writing system include Devangari and the Vatteluttu alphabet?
Which 2+2 has the largest torque?
The KGB applies to jurisdiction in how many areas?
When was the Battle of the Bulge?
Which is the platform for Street Fighter?
What award did Nikolai Andrianov receive for participating in the Gymnastics at the 1976 Summer Olympics - Men's parallel bars?
Which is the EC ID of copper?
What is the twinned administrative body which is located in the territorial administrative entity of Staten Island?
William McGonagall's birth place has a twin city in San Diego. Which city is it?
Mention the animation studio built for operating the American Broadcasting Company
What does the Companhia do Metropolitano de São Paulo operate in the São Paulo Metrô?
Which is the acquisition transaction for loan?
Which play includes the character Dionysus?
Which are the coordinates of westernmost point of Mantua?
Who is the {voice dubber} of the {Professor}?
What is the Baltisches Biographisches Lexikon digital ID for Pavel Schilling?
Is the heat capacity of water equal to 75.375?
Is the minimum age of compulsory education in Italy greater than 4.8?
who is the Wikimedia category for category for films shot at this location of lahore?
What is confused with acrobatics, whose label is Rawkus Records?
Fo what film did Jack Nicholson get the Academy Award nomination for Best Supporting Actor?
What is the acronym used for Portable Network Graphics?
What is the part of constellation of setting location of Mass Effect 2 ?
Who is the {person} as {child} of {Stanley Kubrick}?
Is the luminous intensity of Alte Weser 424000?
Jeannette Rankin is responsible for heading what?
Who was the student of Johann Wolfgang von Goethe?
is it true that Big Bang has an effect on Universe and Flatness problem?
For which sports team does Thierry Henry play and how many matches has he played?
For what work has Orelsan received an award for a video clip?
What is Stephen Hillenburg's middle name, that is that same as Stefan?
What are the film studio which start with the letter s
Who is Isadora Duncan's mother?
What is the oxidation state for Silicon?
Is the surface tension of acetic acid less than 32.52?
When did Aktobe become head of government instead of Bekbol Saghyn?
What is the cause of death of the member of the board of directors, A.C. Milan?
What is the NMHH film rating of 'Singin' in the Rain'?
What what is system   follows Ediacaran and also which starts with letter c
what is the field of profession of Eileen R. L. Reed?
What is the catchment area located in the river mouth of the Chari River?
What is the longest bridge that crosses the Schuylkill River?
What is David Bowie's album?
What is CBDB ID for Lu Xun?
Is the surface tension of the acetic acid equal 22.13?
Mention the genetic codon enlisted in the L-Arginine
Does the founder of Walmart, Jim Walton have any children?
Is it true that the conversion to standard unit of foot equals to 0.0001644737?
What amount of money did Luc Montagnier receive as a prize for the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine?
Does Harvard University own Harvard Museum of Natural History?
What village does Rotterdam share the border with?
Is the effective firing range of the TZF 9b equal 1200?
Which is {managed by} {cosmonaut mission} of {Oleg Novitskiy} ?
which means {Harvard designation} for{Sputnik 1} ?
Who is buried in Montreal?
What is the country club with the lowest slope located in New Jersey?
What is the prevalence of gout in developing countries?
Which is the Zemershet song ID for The Internationale?
Was Cuban_Missile_Crisis participant United States of America and Soviet Union ?
Tell me me a province of China whose name consist of the word "woman" and whose  category for films shot at this location Category:Films shot in Sichuan sichuan
Which is the museum that is commissioned by the Suleiman the Magnificent?
When was C. Vann Woodward nominated for the Pulitzer Prize for history?
What is the vallis with the largest diamater and located in the hellas quadrangle?
Which game controllers control the Wii?
Which measn {cover artist}for {David Copperfield} ?
Who is {role model} of {writers} {Railsea} ?
When Ali Khamenei started as Supreme Leader of Iran?
What is the field of this employment of the employment of Heinrich August Dietrich?
Which is conferred by of Tony Award?
Which is the television series produced by WWE?
What is stoicism?
What anatomical structures are sexually homologous with testicles?
Which is the Adult Film Database person ID for Nacho Vidal?
Which attack had the largest number of perpetrators?
what is the unit of length that starts with 'y' and that measures the physical quantity in length.
What is the name of the office held by the head of government in Manila, and what body of water is it located near?
The Smithsonian Institution is the parent organization of which art museum?
Which is the state or insular area capital in the United States that contains the word trenton in their name
Frank Gehry created which National Memorial of the United States?
What is the royal title of Louis the Pious and who followed his reign.
What is used to save Jonah Lomu from murder?
Which sports team was Valeriy Lobanovsky a member of and how many matches did he play?
What is the ethnic background of Mesrop Mashtots?
Who co-founded the prize that was awarded to Alfred Charles Ernest Franquet de Franqueville?
Is the annual energy output of the Kashiwazaki-Kariwa Nuclear Power Plant equal to 0?
Who are the characters in the remake of Dante XXI?
Which country has the currency Japanese yen?
Was Tim Burton's partner Lisa Marie?
Tell me the municipality of Norway that contains the word øyer in their name
Which actor played Dana Scully in The X-Files?
What organization applies to the European Parliament?
What are the borders of Northamptonshire, whose namesake is Leicester?
What countries celebrate Chinese New Year?
What is the language used in Barbados?
What are the software companies  that contain the word "xanalys" in their names ?
TELL ME SERIES OF CREATIVE WORKS WHOSE NAME HAS THE WORD SERIES IN IT.
What is the population of Jervis Bay Territory, a state suburb?
What is started in and competes of Mike Powell ?
What   type of taxon of taxon parent of Picozoa?
Was Catherine the Great part of the house of Romanov and house of bourbon?
When did Creative Assembly develop Halo?
When was the 'OkayAfrica 100 Women' award received by Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie?
Which is the nLab ID for module?
When did Kelsey Grammer become the spouse of Camille Grammer?
Which is the Universal Decimal Classification for Christianity?
When was Carl Banks employed by the Walt Disney Company?
What did the Kingdom of Bohemia use before 1584?
When was Chita Rivera nominated for the Tony Award for Best Actress in a Musical?
In which World War did the power known as the Allies participate?
what name is given to the day Monday is named after?
What structure was replaced by Cologne Cathedral?
Where the human place of burial of Venice?
Who are the composer and producer of Grand Theft Auto V?
How many voice actors participated in the Futurama} ?
Which are the lake inflows for Yellowstone River?
Who is the role model of philanthropist Tarkan?
What is the university attended by William Luther piece, who has a subsidiary company called the Natural Hazards Center at the University of Colorado, Boulder?
Who is {premier} of {national} {Denis Leary} ?
How do you pronounce pasta in Georgian?
What noble title did Berengar I of Italy hold and who was his successor?
Who is the leader of the Mathematical Reviews published by?
What is doctoral student  for Jonas Salk ?
Which holmium isotope that decays to dysprosium-148 has the smallest half-life?
What about Dan Brown is studied at the Phillips Exeter Acacemy?
What is the human population of the sovereign state of the Arabian Desert?
When did Omar Bongo start his position as Vice President of Gabon?
Who is the Kang Youwei's NLC authorities.
What daughter of William Cavendish-Bentinck, 3rd Duke of Portland was married to William Bentinck, 2nd Duke of Portland?
What is the ProCyclingStats cyclist ID for Greg LeMond
Do the daily patronage of the Yakumo Station equal 280?
Tell me when  Mark Burnett, executive producer started for the Apprentice?
What is Jane Fonda's AFI person ID?
which is the {point in time} for {Grigory Potemkin} that has {award received} as {Order of St. George, 3rd class} ?
Was Benito Mussolini buried in Cimitero Maggiore di Milano?
Is the Great Gatsby's country of origin in the United States of America?
Does Ac sparta prague net profit equals to 22564000?
What is the film genre of the movie 'Big Bad Wolf'?
Give me the name of earthquake with highest magnitude on magnitude scale?
Which is the UK National Archives ID for Thomas Robert Malthus?
Does Easter occur annually?
What position does Joseph Chamberlain hold and what  position was he elected in?
For how long was Lionel Messi convicted of tax fraud?
What is Vidkun Quisling's PolSys ID?
Was Salman Rushdie a citizen of the United Kingdom and British Raj ?
Who is the corporate officer of ESPN?
What is the jurisdiction of the area of {East Nusa Tenggara Province}
Which is the ground that Aly Raisman competes in?
What chemical compound that's part carbon has the least global-warming potential?
Which sovereign state is in diplomatic relation of Empire of Japan?
Who was the illustrator for The Little Prince?
Name someone born in Cleveland ?
who is won the awards of Virgil Thomson?
What is a mythical serpent that contains the word žaltys is it's name/
Who are the students of Professor Peter Lombard?
What branch of science did Claude Shannon work in?
Who are the owners working for Simon Ambrose?
What is dissolved, abolished or demolished by Knossos at the statement with Gregorian date earlier than 1584?
Charles the Bald replaced Louis the Stammerer in which position?
Is Lucifer the same as Priapus?
What what is de facto standard named after by luminiferous aether by  and which that starts with e
Who owns the Oracle Corporation and what are subsidiaries?
What is a relation that starts with the letter z.
What are the naval battle which start with the letter u
What is load set of the order?
Who are the voice actors in season 9 of television series American Dad?
Is contact dermatitis a symptom of mercury poisoning?
What is the name of Richard III of Englands' sibling
Which is the catalog code for Wolverine?
What is the songwriter of Concerto for Two Violins? They have major works such as Mein Herze schwimmt im Blut and BMW 199.
What teacher has influence of Sufism?
When did Elinor Ostrom leave their position at Indiana University?
Which is {diplomatic relation} of {citizenship} of {Bosley Crowther} ?
Name the website of a business enterprise with the lowest number of registered users.
When was H. G. Wells the spouse of Amy Catherine Robbins?
What profession are the characters of Dumbo involved in?
who  is the business for division of Reuters?
What is the sexual orientation and sex or gender of Little Richard?
When was the De Morgan Medal received by G.H.Hardy?
When did Shire of Omeo stopped being part of the territory of Victoria?
Which is the isomeric SMILES for biotin?
Which is the time of earliest written record for Brazzaville?
Which is Web umenia creator ID for Käthe Kollwitz?
What business on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange has the largest market cap ?
What head of state originates from The Second World War?
Where does Edvard Westermarck work? His sister lives in Copenhagen.
What is the award with the lowest maximum age whose for work is landscape architecture?
Who is the author of The Gift of the Magi, that mentions the cause of death from having liver cirrhosis?
Which award did Ian McKellen receive for his work 'Gods and Monsters'?
What is the IMSLP ID for Joseph Lamb?
What is Mir's type of orbit?
WHICH IS THE MUNICIPALITY OF GERMANY THAT STARTS WITH W
does the hydrazine upper flammable limit equal 98?
when date created for  label of The Cure ?
Is the PPP GDP per capita of Denmark more than 36429.6?
Are the number of platform faces of the Lam Tin station less than 1.6?
Who is the {anthropomorphic character} for {said to be the same as} of {Goofy}
Is the global-warming potential of dichlorodifluoromethane equal to 10900?
Does the Mediterranean Sea have a temperature of 16.6?
When was Harvey Williams Cushing nominated for the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine?
Who is Quentin Tarantino's partner?
Tell me Seven Wonders of the Ancient World whose name has the word mausoleum in it.
What mineral variety is in the Trigonal Crystal System and starts with the letter "s"?
which record did pole vault hold and which is the height?
Was Harry Houdini jewish and Romanian?
Which TV show did Amanda Bynes cast in?
Why was Theodore von Kármán received the title of doctor honoris causa?
Who published the journal Osteopontin as a marker for response to pegylated interferon Alpha-2b treatment in Chronic HCV Saudi patients?
Is it true that the frequency of event of Wimbledon Championships is less than 0.8?
What are the literary work which start with the letter t
What is the bay close to Seattle ?
What is the denomination of the mechanic patron saint?
What is Czech Olympic Committee athlete ID for Dominik Hašek?
what are the personal hygiene item which start with the letter w
What are theprovincial or territorial capital city in Canada which start with the letter yellowknife
What and where is the record for the pole vault held?
what is fusional language of typology?
Did Hamlet create the characters Gertrude and The Ghost?
Where was Willem Frederick Herman’s born, Varna is its partner town.
Which is the municipality for twinned administrative body of Great Manchester in Germany?
Does the block size of the KASUMI equal 64
What is Hannibal's birthdate on the Gregorian Calendar?
Was Neptune child astronomical body Larissa and Galatea ?
Is the minimum number of players of the New Super Mario Bros. Wii equal 1?
Where in Africa was the Bantu expansion?
What is the architecture firm who designed the grave site of Sigismondo Pandolfo Malatesta?
Did Sean Combs study at Morgan State University?
What are the association football stadium which start with the letter uhlenkrugstadion
Which Georgia state park commemorated Jefferson Davis?
Who is the {actor} in {Triumph of Will} who has {blue} eyes?
Who is the defendant for Brown v. Board of Education?
When was Anthony Munoz joined as a member to USC Trojans football team?
Where is the birth county of Dave Scott of Oregon?
What are the national anthem which start with the letter n
which social state has the maximum compulsory education?
What is the doctrine of Thomas Aquinas?
What is the Wikipedia article for the planet of Jupiter?
who is the member of Kenny Dalglish sports team and how many points/goals/set did they score?
Which {political party} is {Nicolas Sarkozy} {member of}?
What is date of birth of Flavius Aetius that is instance of is statement with Gregorian date earlier than 1584 ?
Who is the editor of Wikipedia?
On which island is the HQ location of the Carlsberg Group?
What is tample name for emperor wu of han ?
WHO ACTS AS THE CHAIRPERSON OF PALANG DHARMA PARTY?
What is the Dutch ISO 639-1 code?
where did the yerevan administrative territorial entinty located and end its end time?
Which Class IC flammable liquid has the most no-observed-adverse-effect level?
In which year Bob Dylan received the Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award?
Which is NLM Unique ID for The Spectator?
Is the account charge / subscription fee of the Consorsbank Girokonto less than 0/0?
What work of Frances Marion's was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Story?
What kind of music is the original channel of Earplay?
Which political party elected Aung San Suu Kyi as secretary general?
Who is the artist of music genre of David Blaine ?
What is engine configuration of diesel engine ?
What are the languiod class which start with the letter v
What are the lawn game which start with the letter T
Who is the partner city of Cologne whose government is headed by Willy Demeyer?
What is Tokyo's executive and legislative bodies?
What is the history of the continent containing the country of Yemen?
What is the sports league level of Ligue 1?
Who is licensed to broadcast to CBS?
Is the minimum explosive concentration of the sucrose greater than 36.0?
WHAT ARE THE AIRCRAFT COMPONENT WHICH START WITH THE LETTER T.
Where did Theoderic the Great die that has the partner town of Dubrovnik?
When did James Madison graduate from Princeton University?
What is the pronunciation of the Asian word Tamil?
What are theAmerican football team which start with the letter w
Does the File Transfer Protocol port equal 20?
who is the member of Alan Shearer sports team and how many points/goals/set  did they score?
who study of sculptor of pressure volume diagram ?
Who are the members of BJP?
What are the geological process which start with the letter s
who deity of wedded to of nergal ?
when did Chiang Kai-shek work as the president of the executive Yuan?
Was Mother Teresa's country of citizenship, Albania?
What lake is Kenneth Ruffing's work located on?
Which office of Mulifunctionl polymerc micelles offer cancer targeted MRI-ultrasensitive drug delivery systems?
Is Amphetamine a significant drug interaction of procarbazine and moclobemide ?
Which is the Hindu deity that is in mount of Nandi and starts with the letter s?
How many native labels are given to Ursa minor?
Which is the youth wing of the Communist Party of China?
who institute of the Russian Academy of Sciences for studies of Russian?
What is the IATA airline designator for Air Canada?
What are the logographic writing system  which start with the letter s
Larry Flynt is the publisher of which periodical?
Which dependency of Norway with a weather station as a capital has the longest coastline ?
What literary genre did Vaino Linna specialize in?
Genere
Is it true that the number of blank votes in the Volta Redonda mayoral election, 2016 - first round equaled to 6454?
Where are the counties of citizens of Fakir Musafar located?
What can indirectly cause a lock to sound like a shout?
What is the science that studies mountains called?
What is Q48460 in reference to the planetary system Laniakea Supercluster?
Name a conflict that starts with the letter "w".
Name the Language of origin of The Onion, that has its native to England.
Is the ranking of pete sampras greater than 1.2?
What is the SoundCloud ID of Andy Milonakis?
Is the common equity tier 1 capital ration (CETI) of the IKD Deutsche Industriebank more than 9.432?
What is Artie Shaw's WikiTree person ID?
What are the architectural style which start with the letter s
WHICH HAS INFLUENCE OF POTRAIT OF HEY JUDE
Does Elan Musk brother have a daughter name Maye Musk?
What is The Lion King's theme music?
What is AAT ID for Sciuridae?
Which F-type main-sequence star that Upsilon Andromedae e orbits has the largest absolute magnitude ?
Where is Jean-Jacques Rousseau's tomb?
What is {symptom} of {this taxon is the source of} {sunflower} ?
"Who is {partner town} of {Marseille}, which has {cfsi} is {Category:Films shot in Marrakesh} ?"
Who is the creator of the series \W\ Is for Wasted?
Which is the state owned by the Lake Washington?
What is the parent of the taxon plant in the botanical garden of the Glady's Porter Zoo?
Who is the {human} for {partner} of {Paul Thomas Anderson}
Is the VAT-rate of Netherlands greater than 4.8?
What is NSW Flora ID for Medicago sativa?
What is the CDLI ID of The Code of Hammuraby?
What is the child of the brother or sister of Herod Antipas?
What is Roe v. Wade published in and what jurisdiction applies?
Where is the location of roentgenium whose manager is Gisbert zu Putlitz?
Does the de Havilland Dragon have a maximum operating altitude equal to 4420?
Is the flux of Abell 1689 equal to 0.00000000014729?
what is the bank holiday of the nation of Santo Kyoden?
What are the city-state which start with the letter vulci
The writing system of Urdu is based on which Arabic script based alphabet?
Phosphoric acid conjugates phosphate ion with wich acid?
Which award did Patrick Modiano receive for his work on Les Boulevards de ceinture?
Name the manned spacecraft in low Earth orbit with the smallest periapsis ?
What is the county seat of Sylvester II?
What is the Calflora ID for Phoenix dactylifera?
When was Irving Langmuir nominated for a Nobel Prize in Chemistry?
Name the brightest K-type main-sequence star ?
What work is Lewis Mumford nominated for is it the National Book Award for Nonfiction?
Provide an airplane class that is used by an international airline that has the word airplane in their name.
WHICH IS THE HUMAN WITH THE MAX POINTS FOR
What is named in language as New Musical Express, whose typology is fusional language?
What is the periodization of Roman Empire with shared border
What is the name of business which operates the Airbus A330?
Who is voiced by in the part of series of Life with Feathers?
Where was Takeshi Kitano born in Tokyo?
Is the speed of SS Stettin equal to 14.2?
What is Sammantha Teuscher's line of work?
Who is the parent of Louis Couperin and his brother?
What are the Greek primordial deity which start with the letter uranus
Which is the PublicWhip ID of Tony Blair?
what is business of euronext in stock exchange and also which starts with letter s
Where did Andy Griffith die and where was he buried?
For what play was Maureen Stapleton nominated for the Tony Award for Best Featured Actress in a Play?
When did chairperson of Communist Party of China and followed by?
What is the name of the City that Christian Slater was born in New York?
What is the governor of the citizens of Barbara Stanwyck ?
What hypothesis starts with the letter "s"?
What is the most metallic galaxy discovered by James Dunlop?
What codon is used to encode glycine ?
Which is the Turner Classic Movies film ID for Paths of Glory?
What is the position of Bernie Sanders and his electoral district?
Which is the war for the conflict of Stonewall Jackson?
Tell me state of Malaysia whose name has the word terengganu in it.
What is {armament} and the {sex or gender} of {Kali} ?
When did James Heckman receive the award Dan David Prize?
What position was held by George VI and when did he begin in that position?
What city in Ukraine is the twinned administrative body of Vancouver?
Which antinucleon quantum particle has the highest isospin quantum number?
When was {historical period} of {zenith} of {Roraima} ?
What is succeeded by Thirteen Colonies, that has diplomatic relation with Maldives?"
Is Pluto a Charon?
What is the vaccine for chickenpox?
Which civil parish with people from Castle Bromwich has the highest average age?
What aircraft do the Kazakh Air and Air Defense Forces utilize?
WHO BUILT THE LIFE STANCE OF SVETI SEMOCHISLENITSI CHURCH?
Are are the list of decagonal numbers?
Which is the genomic start for INS?
Who is the MAMSL narrator set in Journey to the End of the Night ?
Who is the{comics character} for {said to be the same as} of {Superman}
Which is the Danish Bibliometric Research Indicator BFI SNO/CNO of Harvard Law Review?
What is the saying for the branch of William IV of the United Kingdom?
Who are the authors of Silent Spring, which has been awarded a place in the Maryland Women's Hall of Fame?
What is the chef-lieu of the district of Gannaram?
Which Seyfert galaxy has the largest apparent magnitude?
When did Konstantin Rokossovsky start bearing the military rank of Komdiv?
Tell me sport in antiquity whose name has the word pankrationin it.
Were Kim Jong-nam and Kim Yo-jong the children of Kim Jong-il?
What is the death location of William of Ockham, whose county is Untergiesing-Harlaching?
Which is the record label Chris Brown belongs to?
What award did Todd Ray and Clive Davis receive?
What kind of music is played at the Cain Rose Up venue?
What type of Austrian award has an elm?
When was Muhammad bin Tughluq born, according to the Julian calendar?
How many matches did Carlos Alberto Torres play?
who is film producer for part of series to Make Two Hearts ?
What is the Catholic Hierarchy diocese ID of the College of Cardinals?
What is the name of a human that contains the word vitellius in their name.
Which is the academic subject of the disciples of Dmitry Anuchin?
what is an aircraft functional class that starts with the letter t.
Was Christopher Walken married to Georgianne Walken?
What is the european fencing confederation athlete ID of pavel kolobkov?
Which is the GEPRIS organization ID for Humboldt University of Berlin?
For what did Claude Chabrol receive the Louis Delluc Prize?
Who participated in the Babi Yar conflict in WW2?
What are the federal holidays in the United States which start with the letter thanksgiving
Which is {place of marriage} and {end cause} of {{Lindsey Vonn} has {spouse} as {Thomas Vonn}}?
What is Rush Limbaugh's Abyssinian pet
Does the publication interval of the Supernanny equal to 1.2?
What is the item operator F / A Hornet of greeks culture?
What landlocked country replaced Czechoslovakia
Who is the Secretary-General of the United Nations?
When was Apocalypse Now received the Academy Award for Best Sound Mixing?
What are thewater deity which start with the letter'y
Are prednisone and ibrutinib used to treat lymphoma?
Does the interest rate of the DKB Cash equal 0.2?
What associated football team does Lionel Messi play for?
Wich means{Eu-football.info player ID} at {John Charles} ?
Where did Margaret Thatcher die?
Which sculptor, located in East Longmeadow, created the sculpture known as Battleship?
Is age 16 the age acceptable tomarry in Japan?
Give me the name of  determination method for stroke has genetic association as ALDH2 ?
who affiliated with of member of Yale University ?
Why are books writen about Salvador Dali
When was George Hamilton-Gordon, 4th Earl of Aberdeen as the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom?
Who gave the{producer of} of {theatrical troupe} of {Dragons: Fire and Ice} ?
What basin counties border Loch Lomond?
what are the war deity which start with the letter z
What Language is Wu Sanguis distribution map Written in?
Which is the Reaxys registry number of the diamorphine?
When did Carlo Ponti Sr. marry Giuliana Fiastri
TELL ME THE THERMODYNAMIC PROCESS WHICH CONTAINS THE WORD PROCESS IN THER NAME
Which is the CONABIO ID of sea cucumber?
Mention the person unlike of Ian Thorpe
who are the diplomats of the russian empire?
Who is the organizer of the Grand Tour for Amaury Sport Organisation that has the word de in their name?
Tell me the dimension of the topic called introduction to entropy.
Is the neutron number of the neutron one?
What is the  Léonore ID of Siméon Denis Poisson ?
Who are the authors of The Colorado Kid?
Which is the sovereign state for the country that started The Star-Spangled Banner?
Name the person who is responsible for the editor-ship of The Guardian
What is cast member of Alarm für Cobra 11 – Die Autobahnpolizei that is character role is Jenny Dorn ?
When {start time} for {Olympias} has {spouse} as {Philip II of Macedon} ?
For what film did Harvey Weinstein receive an Academy Award for Best Picture?
Who is Bmx-results.com rider ID of Maris Strombergs?
who total fertility rate of nationality of Chris hardwick ?
Does Uttar Pradesh contain the administrative territorial entities of Bareilly division and Moradabad division?
Tell me  website whose name has the word  willy in it.
Does the daily patronage of the akezawa Station equal 31?
In which {sister city} was {Emo Philips} {born at}?
What is the birth city of Charles IV which is in the state Čimice?
Who belongs to the label of Ice Cube ?
in which year Jaroslav Heyrovský was nominated for  Nobel Prize in Chemistry?
What is the highest paying job that requires a certificate op aptiude for secondary school teaching
Is it true that the maximum thrust of Typhoon equals to 180000?
What condition does cocaine treat and what significant drug interactions does it have?
When was Jessica Chastain nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress?
Nicolas Sarkozy was involved in which politic-finance scandal?
Is the number of clubs in the rugby union in Namibia equal to 28
Who is Kishore Kumar's sibling?
What is the voting round with the least number of blank votes that is part in the Governor election in  2014 in Acre?
I need to know Blind Lemon Jefferson's All About Jazz' musician ID.
Is Rodrigo Duterte a child of Sara Duterte-Carpio and Christopher Go?
Tell me government structure whose name has the word technocracy in it.
What lived in Florence Nightingale, Florence Nightingale diplomatic relation in Bangladesh
Which city is the capital of the Austrian Empire?
What are the total assets of the Daimler AG?
What is Chronicling America ID for the New York Times?
When was ARD owned by Nordwestdeutscher Rundfunk?
What what is divide and conquer algorithm discoverer or inventor Tony Hoare  
 and also which starts with letter q
What is the short term exposure limit for benzene?
What award did Stephen King win for Danse Macabre?
Is Sarah Palin ethnic group afrikaner or english people?
Are linezolid and cinchonidine used to treat malaria?
When did Roger B. Taney stop holding the position of United States Attorney General?
Which is the airline that operates Airbus A320?
What place, starting with the letter s, has town rights and privileges as well as listed monuments and objects in Salzburg?
Where in the Soviet Union did Mikhail Romm die?
What is the relative level of taxon of Indian rhinoceros?
When did James Dean win the Henrietta Award?
Which painting is the widest?
How many collections or exhibition sizes are in Prado National Musuem?
Which is the hydraulic head of Grand Coulee Dam?
When Karl Jaspers was nominated for Nobel Prize in Literature?
Which is the allegiance of Knights Templar?
What is the twin city of the birth city of Francisco Javier Rodríguez Hernández?
Who is nominated for RoboCop that of nominee is Aaron Rochin ?
What is the subtopic of the spin proton decay} ?
What is DNF ID for Elle Macpherson?
Is it true that Angela Merkel is an Arab?
Which is the piano cycle with the lowest number of parts of a work of art, whose parts of the class is variation?
Which endemism of emu has diplomatic relations with Peru?
Who are the inhabitants that comes from of Lost?
Which is the WIldflowers of Israel ID for Prunus dulcis?
What is the basin country of Sikkim?
What song by Johnny Hallyday has sold the most?
Who is the painters for the series By Royal Command?
Who is {member of} {discoverer} to {berkelium} ?
What connects to the cochlea?
Are the Bee Gees from the United Kingdom?
which is the medical speciality of murder methods of ulrike meinhof
What sports team is Gheorghe Hagi a member of and how many matches did he play?
Who is the son of the duke of North East Somerset?
Eros is the father of how many?
What interger sequence has the lowest limit and is a natural number?
The history of Azerbaijan, which contains the Masally District, falls under which topic?
When did Grigori Kozintsev receive the award for People's Artist of the USSR?
Is the Ranveer Singh family name Singh?
When was Leigh Matthews awarded as Coleman Medal?
What record did Tye Harvey win in which sport?
What work did Dante Alighieri write or translate?
Who is the subsidiary for Air France?
Where was Wladyslaw  Reymount given birth to in Kobiele Wielkie?
Who was the inspiration behind the characters in The Great Gatsby?
Which is British Museum place ID for Egypt?
What type of money do they use in Hong Kong?
Where in Cincinnati is the Procter & Gamble headquarters located?
Does the cost of the Bigmoon Nights equal 3600.0?
IS THE FUSION ENTHALPY OF THE LITHIUM HYDRIDE EQUALS -26.16
Which is the territory that overlaps Great Britain?
Who directed the series Win Some, Lose Some?
What was the Graduate Dustin Hoffman nominated for?
Is it true that the number of seats of the Ginninderra equals to 5?
Is the networth of Rihanna less than 276,000,000 $?
Name the aerospace manufacturer located in Otrokovice that has the least total revenue?
Which is the Tennis Temple player ID for Margaret Court?
How much is owned by the Deutsche Bank?
Tell me a legal case that begins with the letter "u" and applies jurisdiction to the United States.
Is Moses same as Moses in Islam and Moses in rabbinic literature?
What character did Maureen McCormick play in The Brady Bunch?
What is a sports team whose name starts with the letter w.
Which is the direction relative to location of back?
Tell me economics crisis whose name has the word period in it.
What are the parabolic differential equation which start with the letter equation
{Balto} is {animal breed}.
When did Mia Farrow break up with Woody Allen?
Which is the city designated by government ordinance which contains the word ōsaka in it's name?
When did Gottlob Frege acquire his academic degree in habilitation.
Who is the mentor of Strabo, who has the profession as a philosopher?
Are Daniel Day-Lewis and Michael Balcon related?
which is pronunciation audio crafted out of herbal tea?
When did Norman Borlaug receive the AAAS Philip Hauge Abelson Prize?
Which is the natural satellite for the child astronomical body of Uranus?
What are the royal or noble rank which start with the letter v
What is the chairperson of University of Notre Dame?
tell me the highly urbanized city with the lowest mains voltage whose country is philippines?
What was Leopold von Ranke's major at Leipzig University?
What was the name of Thomas Jefferson's plantation?
When did Sophie Marceau marry Christopher Lambert?
What location is adjacent to the city of Mandaue, that contains the state of Zapatera?
What is the statement is subject of Eurasian Magpie  that uses self-awareness?
What structure is near the Sydney Harbour Bridge?
Tell me me a economic union whose name consist of the word european and whose executive body european commission
What is the domain of a galaxy group or cluster which is under the chronology of topic in the history of astronomy?
Which is the patent medicine that was invented by John Pemberton and contains the word coca in it's name?
Which is the jurisdiction of the Declaration of the Establishment of the State of Israel?
For what film did Saul Bass receive an Academy Award for Best Documentary?
What is AVP encoded by?
Which is the Fauna Europaea ID for Psittaciformes?
How many episodes are in the television series Friends?
What is Z39.5 abbreviation for Journal of the American Chemical Society ?
When did Dick Haymes marry Nora Eddington?
What is the JORFsearch person ID for Emmanuel Macron?
what is the language official of Kingdom Of Mercia that has cause is .?
Who is the father of Tenzin Gyatso?
Where was Al-Hajjaj ibn Yusuf born in the empire Umayyad Caliphate?
Where did the American Revolutionary War occur?
What (in the Julian calendar) was the date of death of Odoacer?
Is the color index of Zeta Tauri -0.749?
what is the point in time for alexander suvorov has award received as order of st. george, 1st class?
Which is the short film that was directed by Baz Luhrmann?
How was Ross Macdonald murdered and how was CLU related to it?
Who gave the{afflicts} of {implies} of {acetic acid} ?
What month is the event Sukkot played?
Which is the IBU biathlete ID for Ole Einar Bjørndalen?
Who was the executive produce of The X-Files?
What is the incubation period for humans to harbor the disease of Ivan Mozzhukhin?
What is the number of out of school children nationally in Pakistan?
Is it true that an Olympic-size swimming pool's operating temperature is equal to 22.4?
What capital town of the Kingdom of Wessez experienced the notable event of the July 7, 2005 London bombings?
Name the ancient civilization that gave us the public holiday Saturnalia that starts a A
Which is the sovereign state of the capital of Bucharest?
Which is the extensive physical quantity that's measured by a joule?
Who was Sarah Michelle Gellar's spouse and child?
What method was used to determine the total fertility rate of Mauritania?
Which is the SI derived unit for the measured physical quantity of the thermal conductivity?
How many goals were scored by the member of a sports team of David Icke?
Who is the actor who split from Oval Dreams?
Under the subtopic of the history of Maryland, we see that what city previously had a sister city named Kanagawa Prefecture?
Tell me former building or structure whose name has the word tower in it.
How many characters are there in "Táin Bó Cúailnge"?
which is the song lyric created by Irving berlin ?
Which film does David Spade voice act in?
what is the transformation starts with t
Which {subject has role} which {said to be the same as} of {Sucrose} ?
what is in the SIREN number of amiens?
Was Ice-T with Ace of Hearts Records record label?
Is the stroke of the EMD 567 12?
What are the ice honey team which start with the letter s
What award did Evanescence receive that was subsequently won by Maroon 5?
Which is the KMDb film ID of Oldboy?
Which is the China Vitae ID for Hua Guofeng?
When was Bruce Lee educated at the University of Washington?
Which aircraft has the largest wingspan that can be used in a gliding competition?
who is the occupant of  Eiffel tower?
In what year were Tyrone Power and Deborah Jean Smith divorced?
What are the Hindu temple which start with the letter t
Which is the fastest lap of Alberto Ascari?
What is the manner of death of the characters of Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone?
What ARE {ICAO airline designator} of {Lufthansa} ?
Which is the Bargeton ID of Jules Ferry?
How many work in the headquarters of the Victoria and Albert Museum?
What position does Chanda Kochhar hold in the ICICI Bank?
When was Gordon Brown elected, and what position did he hold?
Did the Expedition 1 complete 2207 orbits?
Which is the family name of mayonnaise?
How many points was scored by Nilton Santos as a member of Botafogo F.R. sport team?
How many writing systems are there for Javanese?
What the name of the child of Menelik II and Abetchew Bayan?
Which is the Cultural Heritage Armenia ID for Etchmiadzin Cathedral?
Where is the headquarters of UNESCO?
Which is the eMedicine for obesity?
Name a cola brand that starts with letter P
What significant incident led to applying to jurisdiction of Russian Orthodox Church?
What is the name of the person who invented the saxophone?
Was Alexander the Great a citizen of Macedonia?
How many programming paradigms are there for C++?
What would be the Wikimedia category for films shot in the location of Bucharest?
What is the population of Port Said Governorate that was determined by census?
who formation date of topic  of geology of the Moon ?
Who directed the sequel to YOLO?
"What is {is in the principal area of} of {Flevoland}, whose {member of} is {Australia Group} ?"
What countries are a part of the German Democratic Republic?
What is speed limit of Gaza Strip ?
Who has played Please Don't Make My Cry?
Who makes use of the inventor of World on a Wire?
Give me the reason for which Walt Disney has nominated for Academy award as best live action short film?
Do you know, what is the drawing with the tallest height?
what are the mythical place which start with the letter y
What is the Datahub Page of the DDC?
How do i pronounce honey in Punjabi?
Name a moon of Neptune
Are the number of wins of the 2001 British and Irish Lions tour to Australia less than 8.4?
Does Marion Cotillard play guitar?
What Looney Toons publishing house won the Golden Raspberry Award for Worst Picture?
What causes Staphylococcus aureus?
What award did Ennio Morricone receive for The Hateful Eight?
Does the shelf life of spinach equal 8?
What is All-Athletics.com ID for Jan Železný?
What is Robert frost a winner of?
When did Ai Weiwei complete his studies at the Art Students League of NY?
Is the prize money of the Geschwister-Scholl-Preis equal to 10000?
Which {contains administrative territorial entity} and the {located in the administrative territorial entity} of {Tamil_Nadu} ?
WHAT IS THE SURFACE PLACE OF INCORPORATION IN SCOUTS ?
What mausoleum commemorates Vladimir Lenin?
DOES THE NU,BER OF ARRSTS OFD 2915 BALTIMORE PROTESTS EQAULS  388.8
What is the military branch or location of Yuri Gagarin?
Who is the leader member of Gil Colunje?
What are the non metropolitan country which start with the letter w
Does Chicken pox cause migraine and anorexia symptoms?
Why did Gregory Bateson lose his U.k. citizenship?
Which English unit of measurement has the highest conversion to an SI unit?
What is Sycomore ID of Andre Masena?
Use rallye-info.com  to get driver or co-driver is of Sebastian Loeb?
Which is the BLF article ID for Alvar Aalto?
Which literary work follows Exodus?
Who produced the prequel for Tales of Mystery and Imagination?
Tell me the boy band that contains the wotd westlife in their name
How many people live in Massachusetts according to the census?
How many computers are for IBM?
Name a member of the band ABBA
Which is the name of Francis given to him?
Was Mickey_Rooney nominated for Tony Award for Best Actress in a Musical and Gemini Award for Best Performance by an Actor in a Continuing Leading Dramatic Role?
When did Rafael Caldera receive the Order of Isabella the Catholic?
What is the featured work or depiction of The Sacrifice of Isaac?
Is it true that the number of cases of AIDS equals to 30160000?
Where in Europe did Thomas Nashe die?
Where was yttrium discovered that has an executive branch in the Finnish Government?
What newspaper is the Wikidata SPARQL query equivalent?
Is it true that the stellar rotational velocity of Albireo equals to 1.4?
What was the name after Sibelius Monument where music were studies?
Which award is received by Chris Thile for his work in Bass & Mandolin?
When did position held of Arthur Balfour and elected in?
What is the LepIndex ID of Bombyx mori ?
Who is the name of the fictional human created by Jerry Seinfield?
Tell me the new religious movement that is standards body of Religious Technology Center and starts with the letter s?
At which school did Eugène Ionesco act as a role model?
What city does Abdul Patah Unang reside in?
What child body, located on the astronomical body of the Great Red Spot, is S/2017 J 8?
Who is the director of Chespirito?
Who is {wedded to} {chairperson} of {38th César Awards} ?
What are the animated series which start with the letter trotro
When did William Jennings Bryan retire from his position as a United States representative?
What ecozone does Melanesia belong to
(RS)-methadone physically interacts with which protein?
Is the beam of J/22 equal to 2.44?
What did Franz Schubert die from where the symptom was a continuous fever?
What is the specific gravity of lemonade?
Is the maximum sustained winds of Hurricane Able equal to 80?
Name a noble family who posessed the power in the form of an absolute monarchy that contains the word "dynasty " in its name
What is the architecture firm and resting place of Matilda of Tuscany?
Who were the authors of The Late Great Planet Earth?
Jan Evangelista Purkyně served as a translator in what field of work?
Who was nominated for the award for the role of Javier Bardem?
What satellite orbits the Great Attractor?
What is ICD-9-CM to cause death of Kitch Christie?
What is the new position for Yahya Khan who once held the position of Minister of Foreign affairs?
Which is the Michelin Voyages ID of Yosemite National Park?
Name a videogame developped by CPU that contains the word "pong" in its name
Which {tributary} {is on} {Hawaiian Islands} ?
WHERE IS THE PUBLIC OFFICE OF THE PORTRAIT IF THE LAST SUPPER?
What is had underlying cause of main events of deadliest aviation incident in Argentina ?
What is Robert Falcon Scott's Dreadnought Project Page?
Was Ignazio Marino the head of government of Rome?
When did Pyotr Stolypin stop being the Minister of the Interior of Russia?
Who is the {follows} for {Lothair I} which has {noble title} as {monarch of Italy} ?
What is the time zone in Tasmania in daylight saving time?
Is it true Cortisol subject has role anti-inflammatory agent and amphetamines?
Which business has the greatest tier 1 capital ratio ?
What is the taxon rank of Phocidae?
When was the start time for Louisville and its twinned administrative body Mainz?
Tell me me a  cation whose name consist of the word "woman" and whose antiparticle antiproton proton
Which is the AllMusic composition ID for Symphony No. 3?
What year was the university Pavel Nakhimov attended established?
What is the biological process responsible for the development of the anatomical structure of the respiratory system?
Which is the parent taxon of Anura?
What are the languages of expression of Pedro II of Brazil that has a regulatory body of the Council for German Orthography?
What musical artist is the predecessor of Gainsbourg Confidentiel?
What is the headwater on the river of Kodiak Island?
who version, edition, or translation for edition or translation of the Prince?
Tell me  association football club whose name has the word wrexham in it.
When did Francis I of France stop being King?
Which organization act as subsidiary to OECD?
What are the categorizations of monarchy?
What was the first season Richie McCaw was on the New Zealand national rugby union team?
What jurisdiction does Zakarpattia Oblast fall under?
Who gave the {formula} of {source material} of {pencil} ?
What is the Czech cultural heritage ID for Charles Bridge?
Who was the partner of Apollo?
Are the visitors of the Archives of American Art less than 1797.6?
What physically interacts with hydrogen chloride whose subcellular localization is the integral component of membrane?
What is Ivan Aivazovsky's MulS person or group ID?
What award did Alejandro González Iñárritu receive for Birdman?
What are the diplomatic rank which start with the letter P
Does the Gross Domestic Product and Purchasing Power Parity of Finland equals that of 1.85468488057 €?
What follows and is partially coincident with Machine learning?
Which is the category's main topic for Shinkansen?
Was Dallas Mavericks and  Tim Duncan member of sports team Wake Forest Demon Deacons men's basketball
Which historical country that is the  Head of government František Udržal and which that starts with the letter c
Which is the Bechdel Test Movie List ID for The Terminator?
What medical conditions does amitriptyline treat?
Who was the first doctoral adviser of Jacob Bernoulli that played a role?
Which is the ISFDB series ID for Harry Potter?
What is the abugida in the context of the writing system in Kannada?
WHich taxon produces palm oil ?
Who is film producer of narrative of Henderson ?
What is the typology of the language spoken by Graham Greene?
Did Jeffery Dahmer die in Portage?
What is the inflation rate of Ruthenium?
Where is Pluto's argument of periapsis?
Who wrote the songs on ABBA: The Album?
What eye and hair color does Ivanka Trump have?
What is the subsidiary company workplace of koo nimo?
What is the {foods traditionally associated} and the {commemorates} of {Hanukkah} ?
who biblical canon for edition or translation  of Septuagint?
What is the population of Nova Scotia according to the census?
what are the  province of  pakistan that starts with s
tell me the hindu denomination name has the word shaivism in it
Was Bruno Mars a model?
Beginning at Baikonur Cosmodrome, what is the Soyuz-TMA with the maximum apoapsis?
What is Wikimedia outline of American Samoa ?
Was David Koresh's given name David or Wayne?
Which is the Vision of Britain unit ID for London?
How is October signed in Catalan Sign Language?
What type of voice does L'Orfeo use for nymph characters?
What is Zaragoza monument ID of Basilica of Our Lady of the Pillar?
How many official names are there for Germany?
Which is a solid solution series with siderite?
"Which is {in conflict} of {Hermann Balck}, where has {venue} is {Europe} ?"
Which is the authority for the congress of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union?
Where was Reebok established?
Which is {feast day} of {subtopic of} {Chronology of Jesus} ?
which historical period contains the word in their name
Which is the IAB code for Burmese?
The Passion of Joan of Arc script was originally written in what language?
What is informed of A New World Record played by?
When did Jorn Utzon win the Royal Gold Medal?
From what country is F. Scott Fitzgerald, who was born in St. Paul?
Who gave the{favorite player} of {doctoral supervisor} of {Elsa Boyer} ?
Who is the artist for the song Welcome to the Black Parade?
At what position did Olusegun Obasanjo replace Joaquim Chissano?
Who was born at with Alexander Karelin which has twin town in Minneapolis?
Is schizophrenia commd10 genetically?
Is the PPP GDP per capita of Poland equal to $31,362.36?
Which is the IBHOF boxer ID for Michael Buffer?
What is Encyclopedia of Life ID of armadillo ?
Give me a country name which has economic crisis at present, that starts with an alphabet 'p'.
Which is the Bait La Zemer Ha-Ivri artist ID for Maurice Ravel?
Which is recorded at the Cologne Cathedral?
What is the muzzle velocity for the Colt M1911?
Which is the animated film that is voiced by Tom Hanks?
Which is LUMIERE film ID for Mr. Smith Goes to Washington?
Who is Paul Anderson's spouse?
Did Stanislav Gron get 0 total points in his career?
Which is the medical therapy of the cause of death of François-Nicolas Delaistre?
Tell me economic union whose name has the word union in it.
Tell me intelligence agency whose name has the word stations in it.
What is the label of Emile Berliner's founder, Eddie Fisher?
When did Josef Mengele become member of Stahlhelm, Bundder Frontsoldaten?
Does the Brindabella seat 5 people?
What were people born in the Ottoman Empire called?
What was John Philip Sousa's military rank in the US Navy?
Was the Nobel Prize granted by the Karolinska Institute and the Nobel Assembly at the Karolinska Institute?
Name a song composed by Billie Holliday
Who is the champion of the nomination received by Jennifer Connelly?
what is agglutinative language of la espero of anthem and also which starts with letter e
Which is the narrative location for Babylon?
When did noble title of Saladin and followed by?
How many relatives does Pedro Pablo Kuczynski have?
Parliamentary group of Christian Democratic Union?
Who are the shareholders of Skive Station?
Who gave the member of political party of John F. Starr ?
Which field of study involves the history of mathematics?
What is chemical formula of diamond.
What city borders Tyre?
What are the Twelve Olympians which start with the letter d
The Star-Spangled Banner originated in which constitutional republic country?
Is it true that the trading fee of NovaExchange equals to 0.16?
Is it true that the number of casualties of Battle of Lake Khasan equals to 4008?
WHICH IS THE FORM OF GOVERNMENT THAT STARTS WITH U
Which is the HDS ID for Battle of Pavia?
Explain tense in the Italian language.
EDITION
Which is computing platform of part series of World of Warcraft: Mists of Pandaria ?
What is the nominee for Diane Keaton whose winner is James Brolin?
What is the Kurdish nation?
Tell me which is the unit of length which contains the word zeptometre in it's name?
Is the career plus-minus rating of Joffrey Lupul more than -94.8?
What is the Römpp ID of glutamic acid?
What was the awards of Al Green for his top dog Jule Styne?
What church is located in Manhattan?
What is the RealGM basketball player ID for Kevin Durant?
What is the street address for the AT&T headquarters in Dallas?
How long is the movie Kent Paul?
When did the Rostov-on-Don start as the twinned administrative body as Gera?
What is the Class IIIA combustible liquid with the lowest density whose instance of is occupational carcinogen?
What instrument played is a poached egg with the prequel of Simmering?
On the continent of Ambattur, what is Q48460?
Which is the earliest date of pigment?
Who is the government that heads the workplace of Carl Theodor Dreyer?
What commodityis managed by Frontier Mine?
What CBS show won a Peabody Award?
Name the tributary of Bay Bengal for which the river source is Chembarambakkam Lake.
Which scientist has work that is named for an Einstein solid?
which record did pole vault hold and which is the height?
"Which is the contributing factor of curtain, whose orbited by is (376574) Michalkusiak?"
who film production company for business division of Walt Disney Parks and Resorts?
Which is the city for the twinned administrative body of Nagasaki?
What is next to the capital town of Pandyan Dynasty?
Who is the director of Silence?
J.R.R Tolkien illustrated what book?
What is the name of language of Pāli Canon that is different from Pali language?
Which actor starred in the movie Good Will Hunting?
Who is the painter of the work described by Markko Rivera?
How many arnaments are for A-10 Thunderbolt II?
What position did Kobe Bryant play as?
What is the Mapillary ID issued to Arc de Triomphe?
Which is the religion practiced by Jewish people?
TELL ME THE UNDERLYING CAUSE OF EROSION IN ACADEMIC SUBJECT?
What is the -35 Lightning II wing area?
What is the ISO 3166-2 code for Tolna County?
Name the taxon with the lowest generation time whose instance of taxon?
How many official languages are there for the {Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe} ?
Trygve Lie was born in Grorud in what country?
Find Juan Antonio Samaranch's person ID in the Trading Card Database.
What is the name of the place where {Isambard Kingdom Brunel} died which has a {partner town} called {Tehran}
Which is the kingdom of the capital of Bucharest?
What is the name in the native language of William Pitt the Younger for the additive the Younger?
When did Wassily Kandinski finish teaching at Bauhaus?
What is the reason for Charles A Beard is in the position as Chairperson?
Where is the source of the Amazon in Nevado Misti?
Who gave the{label in sign language} of {second language} of {Stirling Moss} ?
Which is ICD-10-CM for hepatitis C?
Name a colossal statue depicting Zeus that contain the word " olympia" in its name
Who are the writers of The Second Coming, whose deathplace is Menton?
What is Northern Dance's Webpedigrees ID?
when did Wenzhou start his position in Prato
Is it true that the real gross domestic product growth rate of Turkey equals to 2.9?
Who is the chancellor that lives in Max Born?
What is religious order for Roger Bacon ?
Which is the singles record of Novak Djokovic?
What actress was nominated for best actress for her role in the movie One Flew Over the cuckoo`s Nest?
What is the unit of energy that starts with the letter z
Does the leopard have a gestation period equal to 14?
Which extrasolar planet has the largest semi-major axis?
What is the series that Rudolf Steiner was known as Rudolf?
explain me that the class II combustible liquid which starts eith the letter t in this
What members are a part of the Organization of American States?
What does the Poincare conjecture prove?
Is Australia's central government debt as a percent of GDP equal to 38.3?
Was Mickey Mantle a left fielder in his team?
What literary movement partially coincides with futurist architecture and includes the word "futurism" in its name?
What sport doe Abebe Bikila hold the olympic record for?
Which famous work of Lysippos that has a kind of music intitled nude?
Which is ESPNcricinfo.com player ID for Muttiah Muralitharan?
Is the toughness of the Grivory GM-4H  equal to 100?
Is Lockheed Martin the manufacturer of Lockheed Martin F-35 Lightning II?
The twinned administrative body of Greater Manchester is located in which independent community?
What is the birth city of Lev Yashin, which has municipalities in Ostankinsky District?
Which is the feast day for Joan of Arc?
For what role was Timothy Hutton nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor?
Who's the president of sovereign state of Beishi River?
n/a
What is the armament of the A-10 Thunderbolt II?
Tell me Indigenous peoples of the United States whose name has the word yatasi  in it.
How was Ryan White murdered which can also be used to treat delavirdine?
Who is the creator of the movie Jackie Chan?
who pupils of disciple of  yuquan shenxiu ?
When did the construction of W.M. Keck Observatory finish?
Of all the unitary states which are members of the International Centre for Settlement of Investment Disputes, which has the highest GDP per capita in nominal terms?
What are the road type which start with the letter w
What was Dustin Hoffman nominated for at the 52nd Academy Awards ceremony?
When did the Everglades National Park claim that there is a List of World Heritage in danger?
What are the accepted payment types of Rijksmuseum
Does Bill clinton have 1 child?
When was Donald Sutherland nominated for a Golden Globe Award for Best Actor in a Motion Picture Drama?
"Which birth city originating from Trina Gulliver, has a partner city named Heemstede?"
When during the history of Turkey did the country have diplomatic relations with Argentina?
What is in the category of The Jungle Booksert ?
n/a
Where is the {residence} and the {occupation} of {Adrien_Brody} ?
Is the Bouvet coastline less than 35.52?
What is the work location of Bilbao?
What are the railway company which start with the letter viaquatro
What is the order of of the highest taxon of Liliacaea?
Was Cher granted the BAFTA Award for Best Actress in a Leading Role?
How many photographers are in Olympia?
What is the neighboring town where Johann-Albrecht von Blücher died?
Who are the fictional characters in Nineteen Eight-Four?
What aircraft model has the highest vehicle range?
When did Peter FitzSimons join the Australia national rugby union team?
What is learning the higher taxon of ornithology?
What is nickname of Zadie Smith?
Do the points for Chris Harper equal 10?
In how many fields of work is Mikhail Lomonosov active?
When did Isabella I of Castile's child, Maria of Aragon, die?
Who was Pericles' child?
What is Fashion Model Directory ID for Teen Vogue?
Name a language family that contains the word "languages" in its name
Name the French locomotive class with the lowest boiler pressure.
Is Andy Samberg's family name Samberg?
What is the subcellular localization of the codes for Rilpl1?
How many mobile country codes are in the USA?
IS THE HIGHEST BREAK OF PAUL DAVISON EQUALS 170.4
Who was the Liberal and Country League candidate against Thomas Playford?
Was Berkshire-Hathaway founded by Oliver Chace?
How does Julius Caesar wear his hair
When did spouse of Simon Rattle and start time?
Which is National Academy of Medicine of France Member ID for Mathieu Orfila?
What are the cable channel which start with the letter óčko
What kind of quantum particle is the proton antiparticle?
What is the human population of the basin countries of the Strait of Dover?
What is cohabitant for parent of Adèle Hugo ?
Which prototype has the most stroke?
TELL ME WIKIMEDIA LIST ARTICLE WHICH START WITH THE LETTER N
IS THE TOTAL EXPENDITURE OF HOOVER INSTITUTION IS EQUAL TO 59910000
Name the territoy whose main regulatory text are the Belavezha Accords that starts with letter D
What is the market capitalization of Nokia?
n/a
what happens in dota 2 universe
Which is the colonel-in-chief of Anne, Princess Royal?
Which programming language did Grace Hopper create?
Which is parliament.uk ID for Boris Johnson?
At what point in time was Sally Ride educated at Stanford University?
Does the poly(methyl methacrylate) have a limiting oxygen index of 17.3?
What is the ESRB rating of Sonic the Hedgehog?
What is the IP address of William Bateson's workplace?
tell  me private not-for-profit educational institution that subsidiary Center for Study of Law and Culture, Columbia University  starts with letter c
How long has Irving Penn taught at the University of the Arts?
What Mario franchise characters are in the most recent Super Smash Brothers?
What is the name of the turbid oxide with the greatest thermal conductivity?
Who is director of photography for Aki Kaurismäki?
Is the language of Neptune, Czech?
What is the carries of this vehicle?
Which means{National Library Board Singapore ID} in the{National University of Singapore} ?
What { short name } of { Guadeloupe } is { instance of } { emoji sequence of flags }?
Which is the NKCR AUT ID for Richard Feynman?
What tournament had the most tied games since the 1983 Lions tour to New Zealand?
When did member of sports team of Javier Zanetti and number of matches played?
There were many participants for the October Revolution.
Pro 14 has how many operating areas?
What is the significance of the Ferdinand Konrad Bellermann painting?
Name the binary star with the least parallax whose child astronomical body is Tellar Prime.
Tell me physical theory  whose name has the word theory in it.
Name a conglomerate located at the Tokyo Stock Exchange that starts with letter H
When George Sanders was awarded Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor?
What  is  the found guilty of artist seen it all?
Which dead Saint had to do with whales?
which  public holiday that starts with s
What is the International Standard Industrial Classification code Rev.4 for the chemical industry?
What pop art has Q48460 influenced?
Whcih is Roman nomen gentilicium for Tacitus ?
Which is the Fangraphs ID of Clayton Kershaw?
When did India become a member of the International Development Association?
What is the human spaceflight mission that Neil Armstrong was part of?
Is it true that the redshift of NGC 1672 equals to 0.0035408?
Was Roy_Orbison record label Warner Bros. Records and Asylum Records?
Is the refractive index of silver chloride equal 1.9803?
Which is the ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 code for Djibouti?
What are the country and day of the year of Holi?
Which are the conflicts of the American Indian Wars?
What is Pleiades ID for Toledo ?
What is it?
Which are the symptoms as the symptoms of the bipolar disorder?
Tell me about the phenomenon of spacetime in physics.
Which is the Thésaurus de la désignation des objets mobiliers ID for agricultural machinery?
What is the Entrez ID Gene ID?
Who is the person that was a participant of Diplo?
Is it true that the parity of the bromine-74=-1.2
What are the diplomatic relations of Sweden?
Is Russia Steven Seagal's country of citizenship?
Is it true that Larry David was granted the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Directing for a Comedy Series and the Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble in a Comedy Series?
What are the dialect which start with the letter W
What what is excipient has effect by celluslose exposure and which it starts with letter c
WHICH IS THE TEMPLE THAT WORLD HERITAGE CRITERIA I AND WHICH CONTAINS THE WORD TEMPLE IN THER NAME
What position did Kobe Bryant play as?
Is the toughness of the UNS S32205 / EN 1.4462 Duplex stainless steel equal to 200?
Who is the president of Valencia?
Futurism occur concurrently with what literary movement?
What is the sacred language that became Hebrew ?
Tell me London borough whose name has the word london in it.
Does the total revenue of IHOP equal to 349.6?
Who was Socrates' father?
What education is achieved by Guion Bluford with an academic major of aerospace engineering?
Is the relative permittivity of the vacuum less than .8?
Is the elongation at the break of nylon 6-6 equal to 70?
Who went by the name of Ann and was the consort of David Lean?
For what work did Carol Reed receive an Academy Award for Best Director?
Does Antonio Luna go by the first name Antony?
Is the median lethal concentration of dibromine 750?
What does the settlement of Cancun contain?
What company manufactures Barbie?
Tell me building material whose name has the word zuschlagsoff in it.
What is the main business of Paris?
When did George Grenville become Prime Minister of the United Kingdom?
What is  in the native label of Birmingham ?
What are the operating system which start with the letter w
What is the name of the battle that the alumna of Ferdinand Foch served in ?
Was Anna Nicole the maiden name of Anna Nicole Smith?
What year did the city Cusco and the city Chartes become twinned?
What is route administration has outcome of sodium hydroxide ?
Is the foreign direct investment net inflow of Belarus equal to 17988200000?
who  is the  sexuality of musician  Jump?
Which is the Integrated Postsecondary Education Data System ID for Michigan State University?
Was Jared Leto nominated for the Academy Award for Best Picture?
How many items are operated by Aeroflot?
What language does Otto von Bismarck speak?
Which is the FishBase species ID for Katsuwonus pelamis?
Who is Advisor Dale W. Jorgenson's doctoral student?
In what city is Australian currency manufactured?
Who is perpetrator of Great Northern War who is next to Holy Roman Empire?
Which is the World of Physics identifier for Jeans instability?
What is Costco's permanent ID number?
Was solidus a currency of Byzantine Empire?
Which infectious disease has the highest prevalence?
Which period of time Guizar has awarded as the best lyricist in the Fimfare Award?
Which planets were portrayed in Star Wars Episode V: The Empire Strikes Back?
Explain the forsterite of the crystal system.
What gene is associated with type I hypersensitivity?
Which is FIFA country code for Brazil national football team?
Who is the TV presenter from the extended version of Lykkehjulet ?
What was the position held by Charles I of England and when did his term end?
When did Alexandra Fyodorovna marry when he was Nicholas II of Russia?
When Brad Pitt was awarded Volpi Cup for Best Actor?
What town near Ziquinchor has a county seat in Canton of Sant-Maur-des-Fosses-2?
Is the memory capacity of the compact disc more than 520?
What is the nationality of the diplomatic relation of Alan Sugar?
Tell me structural class of chemical compounds  whose name has the word urate in it.
Who are the characters in Hamlet?
Name a file system that contain the word "zfs " in its name
What castle is located in Odessa?
Which is BTO Birds of Britain ID for Little Owl?
What award was received by the speaker Carl Jacob Burckhardt?
What are the soil type which start with the letter v
Which is the birth city of Jo Van Fleet, that contains Solano County?
What is next to the Golcona Sultanate that is in Ahmadnagar?
What is the criteria used to determine different types of bacteria?
Tell me the essential medicine for the pregnancy category of the Australian pregnancy category D that contains the word warfarin in it's name?
what is the class II combustible liquid with the lower flammable limit whose instance of is occupational caricinogen?
Name a movie with Omar Sharif
Which is separated from Saskatchewan?
Which is the decay mode that has effect on gamma ray and starts with the letter b?
Which is the NCI Thesaurus ID of barcode?
Who was Medusa's father and child?
What is Pieris brassicae"s Indian Foundation for Butterflies ID?
Which is the Cinemagia film ID of It's a Wonderful Life?
Name the isotope of ruthenium least abundant in nature ?
How many different titles are there for a male writer?
Which is the library that commemorates Jefferson Davis?
What is Jeremy Corbyn's Rush Parliamentary Archive ID?
Who is Peter's mother-in-law?
For what position did Olivia de Havilland replace Fritz Lang?
Wanna know what winners of award won beyoncé are?
What are the lunisolar calendar which start with the letter c
What was the Statue of Liberty inspiration and who own's it?
Which is the Structurae person ID for Sebastiano Serlio?
What is  in the legislative body of United States Congress ?
What prescribed drug is the cause of death of Robert Menzies?
When is {death} of {child of} of {Henry Howard, Earl of Surrey} ?
What is the Atlantic Hurricane which caused the least damage cost wise ?
What is the church for St. Ignatius of Loyola?
What is the regression analysis used by logistic regression analysis that starts with the letter I?
How many people perform The Song of the Volga Boatmen?
Which Wikimedia article lists X-Files characters?
What were the circumstances of death of the murderer of Minotaur?
Which Soyuz 7K-OK unmanned spaceship has the highest orbit?
Which is the play in competition of Yamil Peralta?
Who is {champion} of {nominee for} {Graduation} ?
Does the overwhelmingly large telescope have a maximum wavelength sensitivity of 12?
Is Rodney King's manner of death by natural causes?
What is the Biblical Magi depicted by and what is its canonization status?
What is the type of government of Saint Christopher in the Historical Period?
Who is in the region of Princeton is employed by Daniel Mendelsohn?
Who is partner city of location born of Nicole Couderc ?
wich means{assembly} in the{location of death}at{Mel Blanc} ?
when did Paul Krugman stop his education at Yale University?
which class IA flammable liquid with the lowest ceiling exposure whose instance of is occupational carcinogen?
Tell me taxon whose name has the word trigonotarbida in it.
What is the URL language in Naturwissenschaften with typology in a stress-timed language?
What is Shlomo Carlebach's Shirat Nashim person ID?
When was Miguel Ángel Asturias Rosales nominated for a Nobel Prize in Literature?
What are comic book series  which start with the letter y
What was the influence for the Dutch Golden Age painting that has also represented work of The Seven Works of mercy?
was Benjamin Netanyahu's relative Nathan Netanyahu and Elisha Netanyahu?
From what position was Klement Gottwald replaced by Edvard Beneš?
Name a movie written by Akira Kurosawa
How do you pronounce Zea mays in Punjabi?
What is the Greek mythology of Odysseus's murder?
Which is the titled poem by Langston Hughes?
Where is the deathplace of Dmitri Shostakovich?  It has several wards including the Perovo District.
What is the RVK identifier of the yin and yang field of study?
How many executive producers work on Adventure Time?
What is a afflicts of red blood cell?
Which homo sapien is a lectotype?
What is the afflicts which leads to the  {cyanogen} ?
Which is the crystal habit of octahedron?
What is Bernard Arnault's Societe.com director ID?
What is the population of Zahedan?
IS THE NUMBER OF INURED OF PIA FLIGHT 661 EQUALS 0
What administrative unit of Visayas has a king named José  P. Laurel?
Were the Trojan War participants Ophryneion and Achaeans?
who office held of developer of apollo and daphne?
Which is the fictional person that is said to be the same as Superman?
What sister city to Santo Domingo is considered the birth place of Whitey Bulger?
Is it true that Billie Jean King was a member of both United States Fed Cup team and United States Wightman Cup team?
What is Boeing's ITU/ISO/IEC object identifier?
Tell me the channel that first aired part of the series An Adventure in Make Believe.
What are the avion models that start with letter B
What is the discography and the record label of Def_Leppard ?
Which is the HMDB ID of glycogen?
Is Hong Kong member of ICANN?
Pluto has how many natural satellites?
What is indigenous to Ancient Greek ?
Which is the enterprise that is followed by the Oracle Corporation?
Which is the Herder Encyclopedia author ID for Irenaeus?
Is the minimum viable temperature of Pseudomonas putida KT2440 5 degrees?
"Which is {role model} of {Salman Rushdie}, that has {location of death} is {Houston} ?"
Is the dynamic viscosity of sulfuric acid 25.2?
What is Il mondo dei doppiatori ID for Manhattan?
In London, what is the land area?
n/a
What is the sovereign state of Lisbon
Where was the place of interment of life partner of Abdul Hamid II?
Who gave the {1st place medalist} of {awards} of {Amotz Zahavi} ?
Where did Luis Fonsi and he spouse Catalina Cabello get married?
What are the isolated human group which start with the letter w
Which is the language regulatory body for Portuguese?
What is the partner spouse of Brigitte_Bardot ?
Did Christopher Lee conflict in World War II and the Battle of Anzio?
Was the Taj Mahal built by Shah Jahan?
What city was Mr. Munhoz born in?
Which is the foundational text of Montana?
What is the genetic association of impotence that is determined by TAS?
Who is the head of government for the constitutional republic of Moon Jae-in?
who are aircraft in fleet of managed by of Su-24 ?
What is the capital city of the Kingdom of Navarre?
Who was the horse of Napoleon?
What and where is the record for the pole vault held?
What is A Clockwork Orange's after a work by?
what is seven wonders of the ancient world starts with m
Is Continent the opposite of Life?
What is it?
What is the coached by of the teams played for of Allen Tankard ?
What type of quantum particle has the superpartner of neutrino
When was Tom Hardy awarded the BIFA Award for Best Performance by an Actor in a British Independent Film?
Who is the father of David Foster?
Tell me the classification scheme that starts with "t".
Does the Porter Cable 324MAG have a sound power level equal to 110?
What is the Giant Bomb ID for Silent Hill?
What region is the branch of Harran University in?
Is the voltage in Italy 276.0 or greater?
Hayao Miyazaki is the producer of what film?
Name a movie featuring Alain Delon
Is is true that the maximum sustained winds of Cyclone Guba was greater than 90.0?
Who is the illustrator for "A Journey to the Center of the Earth"?
Is the precipitation height for the January 2016 United States winter storm equal to 38.3?
What are the cause of death which medical examinations are  computed tomography and which contains the word pneumonia in their name
What religion is practiced by the United Methodist Church?
What are the phenomenon which start with the letter s
How much is in the collection of the Philadelphia Museum of Art?
What is the award that Robert De Niro won for Raging Bull?
Was humanism Napoleon"s religion?
What branch of philosophy starts with the letter "p"?
What award did Dalton Trevisan win?
What is the Israeli CBS municipal ID of Beersheba?
Is it true that the upper limit of 1 E2 is less than 800?
tell me beer style name has the word triple in it
Is the number of processor cores of the Raspberry Pi 3 Model B+ greater than 3.2?
What is the sister of  the has mother of Mary of Chatillon ?
Who are the director of photography and the director of Forrest Gump?
Tell me music genre whose name has the word swing in it.
Who is named after the Dahlia and also has the last name of Dahl?
Does Quincy Jones produce funk and blues?
Tell me stylistic device whose name has the word  iham in it.
Which is the antonym of the landscape of the After the Bath?
Who played Red Skull in Captain America?
Which award is received by Joan Fontaine for his work of Suspicion?
What is the timezone of the continent of decolonized Oceania?
What does Doxycycline medically treat and what is its pregnancy category?
Who is the successor of European Atomic Energy Community that has Dutch guilder as the base currency?
What are the disciplinary repository which start with the letter E
Does Aspirin have a significant drug interaction of an anticoagulant and ammonium chloride?
what is the correct pronounciation of vegetable in Tamil?
What is successful candidate of Ernesto Zedillo ?
WHAT IS THE SYMBOL OF DRY MEASURE IN QUANTITY?
What is the academic discipline of lambda calculus?
Give the name of the four electric cars with the longest battery life and capacity.
Is Olympic games different from Olympiad?
Where is Antonio Vivaldi buried?
What prize does the champion of George Shuckburgh-Evelyn receive?
Who is the child of Peter Gelb?
what is the host for populus?
Is it true that mammals are a source of milk and meat?
Where is the Boa constrictor found?`
Ruth Prawer Jhabvala was awarded what prize?
Which is the Persée journal ID for the Journal des sçavans?
Is the service life of the LED lamp more than 60000?
Which club played for Waisale Serevi and has Richard Cockerill as the coach?
Which United States Astronaut Hall of Fame inductee spent the most time in space ?
Was Bill Nye an employee at Cornell University?
What gender is Chelsea Handler and to what is her ethnicity?
What is Oracle Corporation's public company of its parent organization
Tell me the activity that fabrication method is  planning and which that starts with the letter m
Tell me a children's game that starts with the letter z.
which is the {point in time} for {Kelly Ripa} that has {nominated for} as {Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Talk Show Host} ?
The Hunchback of Notre Dame has how many narrative locations?
Is it true that the radius of the Messier 19 equals to 70?
What proportion of Toyota's overall business is represented by the subsidiary Toyota Motor Manufacturing Texas?
What are the point group and the space group of Quartz?
What what is economic sector patron saint Isidore the Laborer  and which that starts with a
What is in the category of Pieris brassicae?
Does Ozzy Osbourne play the harmonica?
Did Kesha sing as a coloratura soprano?
which video game genre that contains the word video in their name
When did Donald Knuth win the Kyoto Prize in Advanced Technology?
what award did Alfred Lunt receive which made him the subject of the 9th tony awards?
which replaces for thomas sankara has position held as prime minister of burkina faso?
What piece of work earned Matt Damon a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor?
What is the original language of the script for Universal Soldier III: Unfinished Business?
What is the logo image of University of Bonn ?
What was the location of the 1956 Grand Canyon mid-air collision?
Give the lowest volume merchant vessel that was shipwrecked.
When was Peggy Ashcroft the spouse of Jeremy Hutchinson, the Baron Hutchinson of Lullington?
Is it true that the tuition fee of EBS University of Business and Law is less than 6660?
Where in France is the headquarters of Pierre and Marie Curie University?
Name a song written by Lady Gaga.
Which ethnicity is Mrs Dorothy Dandridge?
What was film crew member Hal Ambro's roll for Mary Poppins?
What is the name of the war in which the conflict of Idi Amin took place?
What is the GS1 global product classification brick code of vinegar?
What was the controversy between Alerding v. Ohio High School Athletic Association?
How is the population of Norfolk estimated?
Who is the fictional person whose name contains the word tarzan?
What is Iranian Nation Heritage registration number for Naqsh-e Jahan Square?
When did Francis Collins receive the AAAS Philip Hauge Abelson Prize?
What operates out of RAF Lossiemouth?
What was Steve McQueen nominated for as Academy Award for Best Actor?
Who is the musician of  Darth Vader?
Which is the periapsis date for Halley's Comet?
What are the fundamental state of matter which start with the letter s
When did John Galliano start working at Maison Martin Margiela?
Who are the inhabitants of the state of Fujairah?
what were  the sports nationality  of teams pplayed  for ali daei?
Which is the minor planet group for asteroid belt?
What is {practiced by} the {uses} of {Rugby_union} ?
Which is the diaspora culture of The Three Stooges?
Is the real gross domestic product growth rate of Moldova equal to 3.2?
Which Yemen village has the largest number of females?
What is the religious order of the 14th  Dalai Lama religion?
How many business divisions are owned by Renfe Operadora?
What cast member plays Michelle Dessler in 24?
"What's the {border} of {Japan}, whose {language official} is {Buryat}?"
How many children are out of school in Nayarit which is located in the administrative unit?
What is the outcome of family planning?
What are the cola which start with the letter pepsi
Who got the Asian Film Awards of Takeshi Kitano?
Who is the partner of Peter Allen that has a career as a stage actor?
Who is Kelsey Grammer's spouse and where did they get married?
What is the heart rate of a goat?
What is the Hubble Space type of orbit and source of energy?
which superhero that hair color black hair and which contains the word woman in their name
Mention the Vidhan Sabha body of Karnataka.
Which muscle becomes dislocated because of a congenital diaphragmatic hernia?
What denomination of culture was Claude McKay famous for?
What costume designer introduced the Owl and the Pussycat?
What is the {antonym} of {morning} called, for which the {predecessor} is {afternoon}?
When did Martha Graham graduate from Denishawn School of Dancing and Related Arts?
Which is the operating system of NEC?
Why did Robert Peel's position end and what was it?
Who replaced Najib Razak as Deputy Prime Minister of Malaysia?
What is the name of the binary star in the constellation of Canis Major which has the word "sirius" in their name?
What color are Ava Gardner's eyes and hair?
Is the member count of the Sky Team greater than 16 ?
On which website we can find location information for HongKong headquarters?
is it true that james clerk maxwell is influenced by albert_einstein
Is it true that the Wikidata time precision of the hundred million years is equal to 1?
How many final assembly locations are determined for the Airbus A320?
How many basic forms of government are there in Syria?
Which is the list related to category of the Sumerian King List?
What is Enrico Caruso's middle name, named after a major event that led to frequency of first names in the Netherlands in 2010?
Which is the World of Spectrum ID of Frogger?
When did the relationship between Thaksin shinawatra and Potjaman Na Pombejra come to an end?
What was Lana Turner nominated for her work Peyton Place?
What river flows into the reservoir of the Sulak River?
What does St. John's University represent?
Is it true that the alcohol by volume of 1664 equals 5.9?
Is the rotation period of the 6 Hebe equal to 5.816?
What is the border of the death place of Domino Harvey?
How long is a light-year?
Where did Nadia Boulanger graduate university from?
What is a superpower that starts with the letter w.
Where is the headquarters of the school attended by Emir Kusturica?
Grigori Perelman solved what conjecture?
Which is the {unicameral legislature} of {legislative body} of {Hong Kong}?
What was Roy Keane's number?
Saint Denis' canonization status is?
Did Dwyane Wade marry Gabrielle Union?
Is it true that Sirius' distance from Earth 8.6?
Which is the game mode for infinity?
Which is the historical country that replaces the Kingdom of Great Britain?
Which is FIE fencer ID for Pavel Kolobkov?
What was the profession of the discoverer of the Analytical Engine?
Which is Terminologia Anatomica 98 ID for ear?
What is the built language for Esperanto signed?
Why did Robert Peel's position end and what was it?
When did Albert Schweitzer receive the Nobel Peace Prize?
Tell me a declaration of independence that is signed by Thomas Jefferson with the word "declaration" in its name.
What is Ishim ID for  Who Wants to Be a Millionaire?
What is Cité de la Musique-Philharmonie de Paris ID for The Rite of Spring?
What case is the sign language of Gabriel Fauré?
Which is Academia Brasileira de Letras ID for João Guimarães Rosa?
Who honours Barbara McClintock, whose top dog is Renato Dulbecco?
At what position was Liu Shaoqi replaced by Li Xiannian?
What is the name of the tied-arch bridge maintained by Amtrak?
Who or what is the owner of Deutsche Bank?
What is the Christian name name of the Charles III of Spain's daughter?
Who gave the {co-founded by} of {is owned by} of {THEhotel at Mandalay Bay} ?
What type of kinship Maximilian II, Holy Roman Emperor to Isabella Clara Eugenia?
What is the NHL.com player ID for Gordie Howe?
Name the Class IIIB combustible liquid that is an occupational carcinogen with the lowest melting point.
Is the payload mass of the BigDog below 120?
Name an anime series broadcasted on TX Network and that contains the word "gp" in its name
Who is {nominated for} of {Javier Bardem} where {for work} is {No Country for Old Men} ?
Is 1341 the Elo rating of the Nihal Sarin?
What is the tributary of the harbour of Kahoolawe?
What has Phèdre inspired?
When did Greg LeMond start playing for the Z team?
When was Beijing begin a double administrative body just like New York City?
Which is the profession for the field of occupation of manga?
Is it true that the number of works of the Boston Public Library is more than 17880000.0?
Within the Genome assembly GRCh38, what is the genomic start of INS?
What is solved by divergence theorem whose the teacher is Dmitry Ivanovich Zhurasky?
When was Margaret Sanger nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize?
What medals did the inventor of the typewriter receive?
What is the name of Emmanuel Macron's dog ?
What is the {academic degree} {Billy Crystal} has {educated at} {Tisch School of the Arts}?
What physically interacts with adenosine triphosphate, which has subcellular localization in the plasma membrane?
How many religions are consists with the Al-Juwayni} ?
What is the Legabasket.it player ID for Manu Ginobili?
Which country is located in time zone of Espoo that is valid in period of daylight saving time ?
What parts of Goyang have wards in Gimpo?
What are the triple star system which start with the letter p
what are the civil liberties which start with the letter w
In which area is the public holiday of Chinese New Year sought after?
What time does the show with Franz Marc and his spouse Marie Schnür
Is one of Selim I's sons of the female biological sex?
which salad location of discovery Tijuana  starts with c
When Ferenc Puskás started as member of Hungary national football team?
Tell me which borough of New York city starts with the letter q.
Which  is taxonomic rank of taxon parent of Acanthuridae?
WHICH IS THE MOBYGAMES DEVELOPER ID OF RICHARD GARRIOTTI
Tell me the medal received by Linus Pauling.
Who is the sibling of Paul Wittgenstein?
Which is the part of constellation of the star of NGC 1851?
What is the job of Stephane Mallarme, whose field of employment is translation?
What is the secular state with the MA compulsory education (minimum age) whose diplomatic relation is Australia ?
Is it true that the flexural strain at break of the polycarbonate equals to 4?
In Italy, which earthquake measured least on the moment magnitude scale?
Which is {twin town} of {birth location} of {Paul Gottlieb Werlhof} ?
Which is the political ideology for literature?
Which bio-safety level one strain has the lowest optimum viable temperature?
Name a English spoken channel that starts with letter R
Which bridge did Isambard Kingdom Brunel design?
who is treated by death cause of Jules Ferry ?
What is Bobby Orr's HockeyDB.com player ID?
Who replaced Lavretiy Beria as the First Deputy Premier of the Soviet Union?
Is the 1906 San Francisco earthquake's magnitude on the moment magnitude scale 7.9?
What are the card game which start with the letter z
What is the drug used to treat anthrax?
How many numbers of cuisine in the Northern England} ?
What is the taxonomic rank of the taxon parent of Homo floresiensis?
When was Neville Chamberlain the Prime Minister of The United Kingdom?
Who is the {arena} for {home venue} of {Toronto Maple Leafs}
What anatomical structures are sexually homologous with testicles?
Who gave the  {dimension} of {on the shore of} of {Northern England} ?
when did Claude Shannon receive an award as Josiah Willard Gibbs Lectureship
Which is Goodreads book ID for The Grapes of Wrath?
What is the activating neurotransmitter of the y-aminobutyric acid?
Which is the document that contains the word öltagebuch in it's name?
is the wheelbase of Datsun type 11 greater than 1504.0?
When was Catherine Zeta-Jones nominated for the Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Actress in a Musical?
Who was Rembrandt's teacher ?
How many partners has Rainer Maria Rilke had?
What are the military campaign which start with the letter o
IS THE CONSUMPTION RATE OF THE PETROLEUM EQUALS 102720000.0
What is the historic era of Galen, that was succeeded by Byzantine Empire?
Who is the {video game developer} for {developer} of {Final Fantasy}
When did Andre Agassi win L'Equipe Champion of Champions?
Give me the platform for Windows XP x86-64?
what award did Timbaland receive?
What is cabbage's taxon name?
Who is the patron saint in the region of the Battle of Turin?
Name a region in China whose highest point is K2 that starts with letter X
What position did George V hold that replaced Edward VII?
Which is the FIVB beach volleyball player ID for Misty May-Treanor?
When was Melanie Griffith married to Steven Bauer?
Is the first name Petru the same as the first name in Pierre Fauchard?
Is the flexural modulus of the PEEK greater than 3.84?
What role did Cindy Sherman play in Royal Academy of Arts?
What year did Geraldine Ferraro hold the position of United States Ambassador to the United Nations Human Rights Council?
What is the OpenCororates ID for Trondheim?
What is the genre of Honeysuckle Rose, and who is the lead actress?
Who is Russell's teapot named after, that is an essayist?
What is the place of interment, with twin cities of Tel Aviv, of Mae West?
Which {parent organisation} is {formed} by {Reginald Brabazon, 13th Earl of Meath} ?
Which hermitage has the largest number of households?
Which is the taxon for the taxon rank of species?
To what dynasty did Antoninus Pius belong?
What differs from extrusion if an instrument that's played has tension?
Is the distance to the bottom of the Bacho Kiro cave less than 0.00?
What country celebrates the holiday Nowruz?
WHICH IS THE READIO INTERFEROMETER WITH  THE MOST WAVELENTGTH OF SENSITIVITY
Which genre does the music produced by the Nocturnes fall under?
Which are the inhabitants of county seat of Mbabane?
Which is Finnish Lake ID for Saimaa?
Is Jenna Jameson ocupation a pornographic actor and film director?
How is cheese pronounced in Czech?
What was the administrative territorial entity of John Young who was born in San Francisco?
What is the prize awarded for the development of C?
What is the category for employees of the organization of alumnus of Kurt Waldheim?
When was Halley's Comet discovered?
Which motorcycle model has the largest wheel base?
How many basin countries are for the Jordan River?
What are the taxon rank and the temporal range end of Tyrannosaurus?
Which is the Discogs label ID for Nintendo?
What was the unnatural cause of death of Koko?
Which standards organization oversees the development of Structured Query Language?
What is the alphabet that starts with 't'?
Which is the city of Indonesia that is located in the administrative territorial entity of Dutch East Indies?
DOES THE URBAN POPULATION OF THE HIRAMANDALAM MANDAL GREATER THAN 0.0
Is it true that the White House is located in the administrative territorial entity of Washington, D.C in the Northwest?
What award did Louis-Ferdinand Céline receive for his work Journey to the End of the Night?
Who edited the movie 'Jaws' and is buried in Encino?
tell me age whose name has the word generation in it
Mention the name of the F=Gemini spacecraft sent for astronautic mission's with Neil Armstrong
How do you pronounce Cocos nucifera in Tamil?
{Wiesbaden}'s {highest point} is what?
who is author of Eugénie Grandet
Where is Rome?
What is Shironet artist ID for Shoshana Damari
What position Howard Schultz held on Starbucks?
What is Instagram location ID for Sabadell?
Who had the role of Lara Croft in Lara Croft: Tomb Raider?
Which edition of War and Peace is in French?
What would be Ethan Frome's translation pubdate?
What are the languages spoken by Dietrich Buxtehude, which have the cases of or are in the vocative case (VC)?
What is the postal code University of Southampton located in Southampton?
Tell me the occurrence that contains the word world in their name
What is the wiki article for a list of fairy tales?
Which {ideology} of {party membership} is {Georg Michael Anton Kerschensteiner} ?
Tell me mythology  whose name has the word religion in it.
Whose child is the son of Frederick William, the Elector of Brandenburg?
When was Gerd Muller a member of the German under-23 football team?
Which is {county seat} {from} {Honda} ?
How many World Heritage criteria are for Forbidden City?
When did Maximilian I, Holy Roman Emperor, marry Bianca Maria Sforza?
Winston Churchill was elected to what position and when?
Tell me me a space agency whose name consist of the word "administration" and whose website account on Foursquare Labs, Inc.
When and what position did Gregory VII hold?
How many times was Austria-Hungary dissolved, abolished or demolished ?
Which is the ICPC 2 ID of the human papillomavirus infection?
The parent organisation of  World Health Organization is?
Which man has the most national team caps ?
Was J. G. Ballard born in the People's Republic of China?
what is in the contributed to published work of wilkie collins?
What is the name sign of Vienna?
What is in the category of Plessy v. Ferguson?
What is isospin quantum number for neutron ?
In what year did Kate Hudson end her relationship with Chris Robinson?
Was Brett Favre a member of the New York Giants and Atlanta Falcons?
In which currency does the republic of Venice trade require to get currency?
Does the Arecibo Observatory have a focal length of less than 106.08?
When did the marriage of John II of France and Bonne of Bohemia end?
Which is Paris city digital code for Pont Neuf?
Which is the record held of 100 metres/
TELL ME THE CRISIS THAT CONTAINS THE WORD UNITED IN THEIR NAME
Is it true that the port of Simple Mail Transfer Protocol is less than 20.0?
Andrei Tarkovsky won the Golden Lion award for what work?
Tell me scientific model whose name has the word world in it-
What is the maximum salinity of Crater lake?
Which is the Croatian Football Federation player ID for Davor Šuker?
Which is the first flight for II-76?
Are Elizabeth and Helen given names of Helen Hunt?
What's the tributary of the lake of Ciudad del Este?
Who are the friends of a key event in Hamburg?
What is the human population of the HQ location of the ACLU?
For what project did Sven Nykvist receive an aware for Best Cinematography?
Which is the {twinned administrative body} and the {contains administrative territorial entity} of {Lisbon} ?
Tell me the space station with start point in Baikonur Cosmodrome Site 200 and that contains the word salyut in it's name?
Where is the seat of Association des États Généraux des Étudiants de l'Europe whose enclavation is Flemish Brabant?
Who replaced Mohammed Omar as the Emir of Afghanistan?
What is the Bedouin Statistics Indonesia ethnicity code?
Does the number confirmed for the song Wells equal 3?
What is the role and the color of Asbestos?
What is the relationship of Frederick II of Prussia to Frederick, Margrave of Brandenburg-Bayreuth?
Which is the type of number that is a disjoint union of the list values as qualifiers and contains the word number in it's name?
What is the city neighboring Giovanni Battista Guadagnini's deathplace.
Which parent astronomical body in the solar system is Sagittarius A* from?
What is type of religion is satanism?
Who is the top dog of the nominee for Willie Nelson?
When did Albert Einstein receive the Honorary Doctor of the University of Madrid Complutense?
What are the computational problem which start with the letter s
What is the record label that 50 Cent is signed with?
Who did Hugh Laurie play the character of in the show House?
When was Liv Tyler in a relationship with Joaquin Phoenix?
What document presides over the National Aeronautics and Space Administration?
When was Althea Gibson a member of the United States Wightman Cup team?
What is the diplomatic relationship between Ibibio people and India?
Who painted the Batman:The Black Mirror movie's characters?
What is the record label and the discography of Nickelback ?
What is Ramsay MacDonald's MSBI Person ID
What is the planet Neptune's natural satellite?
What is nominated for  Die Hard that is nominee is Frank J. Urioste ?
Iloilo City, Philippines has what income classification?
Mention the unit to measure the physical quantity named as frequency
Who does the cricket bat team Women in Red banner play against?
Who is the father and mother of Janet Jackson?
Thessaloniki is next to which Roman city?
What is the History of Parliament ID for John Dudley, 1st Duke of Northumberland?
Is Torreon in the Mountain Time Zone?
Name the office building with the lowest floors below ground who just started construction.
Which is the capital of the twinned administrative body of Sofia?
What is in the local government area of the University of Alabama that has administrative divisions in Autauga County?
Does Polyamid 610 have a tensile modulus of elasticity equal to 1040.0?
Who {has father} of {sister or brother} of {eighth daughter of Nurhaci} ?
What is a contributing factor to the Wars of Diadochi?
Does iOS support varieties of Arablic language?
Which is the D-U-N-S for University of California, Berkeley?
What is Haj Amin al-Husseini's name in their official first language?
What is {CPI inflation rate} {between} {Continuation War} ?
Which lawyer wrote De Officiis?
In what venue did Divorcing the Late Upper Palaeolithic demographic histories of mtDNA haplogroups M1 and U6 in Africa get a bibliographic citation?
Tell me the subsidiaries of CBS.
/Who heads the Empire of Japan's diplomatic relationships?
Is it true that the maximal incubation period in humans of rhinitis equals to 72?
Is it true that the floors below ground of Willis Tower equals to 2.4?
WHAT ARE THE MAGAZINE GENRE WHICH START WITH THE LETTER Z
What is CHGIS ID FOR Taiwan under Japanese rule
When did Emmanuel Macron become a member of the Socialist political party?
What has attribute of key ?
Where were the male children of Amarindra born?
Who gave the {academic discipline} of {music genre} of {František Ludvík Poppe} ?
Did The Who attend the Woodstock Festival and the Isle of Wight festival in 1969?
Which is the Roud Folk Song Index number for Auld Lang Syne?
Was presbyterianism is a religion of fred_rogers?
When did Cesar Franck become a citizen of the United Kingdom of the Netherlands?
Which is the ethnolect which starts with the letter p?
Which member of the Organization of the Black Sea Economic Corporation is located in the administrative unit of Dnipropetrovsk Oblast?
Who is the director and executive producer of Breaking Bad?
Which is the {child} and the {place of birth} of {Ashton_Kutcher} ?
What is mentioned in the article on Staryu and Starmie?
Who is the current Pope?
When did Heidi Klum marry Seal?
What is the motto of the members of Karl-Otto Koch?
When did Guy of Lusignan stop being the Count of Jaffa and Ascalon?
What vehicle is used in the cartoon Donald Duck
DOES THE COMPRESSIVE STRENGTH OF CONCRETE EQUALS TO 30
What is parent of brother or sister of tatiana von Fürstenberg ?
Which is Te Papa person ID for William Henry Jackson?
What was Kannada's original writing system?
What palace did William the Conqueror commission?
Is it true that the ballots cast of the Catalan regional election 2015 in Espolla equals to 334.8?
when is the {end time} for {Luis Miguel Dominguín} has {spouse} as {Lucia Bosè} ?
Who founded the play for Martin Johnson?
For what work did Tim Winton win the Miles Franklin Literary Award?
who is the parent of my sister carloman son of charles the bald?
Who is the discoverer of brassiere , that have correspondence at Southern Illinois University Carbondale?
How do you write in Korean?
What is the venue of Scandinavian Scotland whose headquarters venue is City of Edinburgh?
Which partner town is in the borough of Cairo Metro?
What were the circumstances surrounding the date of birth of Lucian?
What is the face value of the US coin that is made of copper?
Which is the CONOR ID for Julia Child?
Is the part at the Royal Birkdale Golf Club less than 84?
Who were the nominees for Psycho at the Academy Awards for Best Art Direction, Black and White?
When did Pisa stop having the Grand Duchy of Tuscany?
Which is the oxyanion for conjugation base of nitric acid?
is it true that the number of representations of led zeppelin japanese tour 1972 is equal to 6?
What are the diffusion which start with the letter o
Which is the art director of Seth MacFarlane?
Yevonde Middleton British Council Identification is what?
WHat pharmaceutical product contains talc ?
What book did author Salman Rushdie write?
What is the orbital period of the 1221 Amor?
What is associated with the manufacturing process of leather?
Which electoral district is John Key of Helensville apart?
What causes did John Walter held position on as the Member of the 15th Parliament of the United Kingdom?
Which is the AINM ID for Franz Bopp?
Is the yearly number of weddings of the Waimes less than 21.6?
What is CPC-Power identifier of Donkey Kong ?
who is favorite player for sister of Ahmed Bin Khalifa Al Suwaidi} ?
What is the parent company of administrator Tupolev Tu-144?
What nonprofit organization starts with n, and has English as its official language.
Who is the{WWE programs} for {production company} of {WWE}
What is the ELSTAT geographical code for Athens?
Which are exclusions of Asperger syndrome?
When and to which office was Glenda Jackson elected to?
What are the legislative bodies of the parliament in England?
What is the FOIH styles and cultures ID for Renaissance?
does the furfuryl alcohol vapor pressure equal to 0.6?
Is linezolid a drug used for treatment of Tuberculosis?
Tell me operating system whose name has the word windows in it.
What is the position held by Giulio Andreotti who is replaced by Francesco Cossiga?
Is Valladolid Christopher Columbus place of death?
Was the character of Luke Skywalker in Star Wars Battlefront and Kinect Star Wars?
Tell me recurring tournament whose name has the word world in it.
What are the historic house museum which start with the letter t
Does Cyndi Lauper's music belong to new wave and disco genre?
Who was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Special Effects for The Ten Commandments?
Who is in the cast members of The X Files
Mention the symbolic representation of Beehive Cluster in terms of the constellation
What is the Code of nomenclature of Pholidota?
Who wrote the bible verse Exodus?
Who is the director of America's Funniest Home Videos?
"Where is {narrative set in} of {Lolita}, whichhas {diplomatic relation} is {Guyana} ?"
"What is {has sister} of {Japheth}, that has { job description} is {Bible} ?"
What is the raising agent with the highest sublimation temperature whose topic's main category is Category:Carbon dioxide?
Which vaccine is used against DTP?
What was Ginger Rogers nominated for in the 13th Academy Awards?
Which is the title of the head of government where Frederico García Lorca lived in?
who antonym of typology of uralic languages ?
Which is Logainm ID for County Down?
What award did Amartya Sen receive as doctor honoris causa?
Who is the inventor of Morse Code?
Is it true that the pressure of the 2014 North American polax vortex equals to 939?
At what angle from the vertical is the Leaning TOwer of PIza
Which is the BacDive ID of Bacillus subtilis?
What is Google Knowledge Graph ID for Martín Vizcarra ?
How many people are named after the month of September?
What condition starts with the letter "t"?
What is the zipcode for the twin cities of Tangier?
Was Shakira on VH1 Divas?
Is the collection or exhibition size Employment Applications for Civilian Conservation Corps - Indian Division (CCC-ID) Enrollees less than 0?
Who are the partners of the aspect of Royal Cypher of King Edward VIII?
Which is the play whose narrative location is Helsingør and contains the word hamlet in it's name?
Name the supplementary intercardinal direction opposite of south-southeast with the smallest position angle ?
Name a skyscraper that contains the word " world" in its name
What are the municipality of Brazil which start with the letter s
What is the science museum with the lowest visitors per year whose instance of is natural history museum?
Which is the EMLO person ID for William Petty, 2nd Earl of Shelburne?
Which is MeSH code for cerebellum?
Who is the {member of political party} and the {member of} of {Thurgood_Marshall} ?
When did Hristo Stoichkov relieve from his/her membership from PFC CSKA Sofia sports team?
DOES THE STALL SPEED OF THE ATR 72 LESS THAN 166.4
WHAT ARE THE OCCURRENCE THAT STARTS WITH W
Carriage source of power is what?
What is economic branch  member of  Leroy Merlin ?
What is the essential medicinal ingredient in the chickenpox vaccine?
Which railroad tracks lead to Bruges?
What position was Anthony Eden elected for and in what year?
which  is the 3D film with the highest duration whose country of origin is united states of america?
Which {disease is treated} by {drug interaction} of {flecainide} ?
Is it true that the neutron number of the scandium-45 equal 24?
which tributary has the highest watershed area?
who  is the empire for follows of western roman empire?
Who lives in Adelaide ?
WHICH IS THE LITERAR GENRE THAT DISJOINT UNION OF LIST VALUES AS QUALIFIERS AND WHICH CONTAINS THE WORD DICTIONARY IN THEIR NAME
When was Eindhoven twinned with Bialystok?
When was Leo XIII's final year as nuncio?
Who replaced Bettino Craxi as Prime Minister of Italy?
Which are the Semitic languages that had as writing system the Egyptian hieroglyphs?
What are the city which start with the letter w
What is the Giphy username for MGM?
What is applied to jurisdiction in National People's Congress, which is confused with China?
Who is the  {protein} for {physically interacts with} of {diazepam}
Who is the{human} for {partner} of {Kate Winslet}
Is it true that the alcohol by volume of gin is less than 45.0?
Tell me international parliament whose name has the word parliament in it
who tributary of lake of Honiara ?
Who was married to Ruhollah Khomeini and when did the marriage end?
Is it true that the trading fee of Flatex Depot equals to 5.9?
Which is the New Zealand Sports Hall of Fame Id for Mark Todd?
What are the character encoding which start with the letter Y
Who is the {lake} for {located in or next to body of water} of {Seattle}
What is Rosie O'Donnell presenter of?
Is Ewan McGregor's family name McGregor?
Which is the admin HQ of Lufthansa whose twin cities in Turin?
How many patrons does Ludwig van Beethoven have ?
What is the SBC-2010 occupational code of a pharmacist?
On which continent is Damavand, within the Iran Standard Time zone?
What is sexually homologous with the anatomical location of the ovary adenocarcinoma?
Which is the speed of sound for helium?
Name city where many movies are shot that contains the word "Karachi" in its name
who church building for patron saint of Joseph?
Mention the place where human burial is possible in Granada.
What was the initial school attended by gadolinium?
When did Patrick Moore receive an Honorary Fellow of the Royal Society Award?
Which is the writable file format for Advanced Audio Coding?
What is in the category of Thomas H. Ince?
Which culture ministry in South Korea has the largest budget?
What is the predecessor of the contributing factors to World War I?
WHAT IS BVMC WORK ID FOR FALL OF CONSTANTINOPLE
What if the time frame that Vladimir the Great was Grand Prince of Kiev?
In what year did Jason Kidd receive the NBA All-Defensive Team award?
Is it true that Roman numerals use the Roman alphabet?
What are the characters in Hamlet and what genre is it in?
What Janet Jackson song did the performer sing?
Did the New York Giants take after Green Bay and the meat packing industry?
Every year a popular day for shopping happens on December 26th and includes "boxing" in the name; what day is it?
Which is the military casualty classification for Karl Dönitz?
Who has child of Æthelred the Unready who is the sister of Alfred Aetheling?
Where did John McCarthy do his doctorate degree in philosophy?
Where was the book of the history of Israel originally composed?
Which is the defining formula of permutation?
Is Tyra Banks job a model and a television presenter?
Which is the Filmweb.pl ID of The Good, the Bad and the Ugly?
When did Néstor Kirchner start as Secretary General of the Union of South American Nations?
Name a country who is diplomatic towards the Russian Empire.
Name the domain where Oscar Wisting got the participation for.
Who wrote the script to "The fault in Our Stars
Who was born in Chaitanya Mahaprabhu in the Nadia district?
Tell memineral variety whose name has the word zeiringite in it.
What are the unary operation that starts with s
What taxon is methanol found in and what is its role?
Which is the Flathub ID for Steam?
Who is the advisor employed by Halton Arp?
haverfordwest wasn't birth place of Christian_bale
Was World Wide Web discoverered or invented by Tim Berners-Lee and Robert Cailliau?
What is named after the fictional Disney character Winnie the Pooh?
n/a
The notable work, Lolita, was created by whom?
Who produces and manufactures the Glock 20?
WHAT IS CAGEMATCH WORK ID OF DENNIS RODMAN
Which sovereign state has the highest speed limit?
Did {Banksy} is {field of work} {graffiti} and {Eric Clapton} ?
How much did Colin Meads score when playing for which team?
Which is the social classification for Henri Christophe?
Is the minimum age for the Use of Mometasone Eluting Stent in Choanal Atresia equal to 8.0?
For what work Ethel Barrymore was in nomination for as Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress?
What language is used by Portuguese Countries?
What is the net profit of SoftBank?
What is the taxon that causes syphilis?
Who is the doctoral adviser of Richard Dawkins
What current country used to be the Ottoman Empire
What language and geography are found in Kurdistan?
What is the subsidiary company that works for John McDowell?
What product or material produced was used in the nuclear weapon from the Manhattan Project?
What is the conjugate base of the anion present in sulfuric acid?
What is MyAnimeList ID for Momoiro Clover Z?
Does the BBC own ITN and BBC Choice?
Which republic has the highest retirement age?
What are the coordinates of Yamuna that is part of the river mouth?
Which artifacts are written in hieroglyphics?
What regions have the geological type locality of kyanite?
Where Hiroshima University is at Japan?
Where is the head office of the discoverer of cavity magnetron?
What is the name of the French Constitution ?
What region of Lincolnshire is located in the East Midlands?
What is Red River's crosses?
What is the Super Smash Bros. Characters Jobs?
What are the atmosphere which start with the letter b
What border in Croatia subject of sharing between Croatia-Hungary?
Tell me type of quantum particle whose name has the word σ0 in it.
How is temperature measured?
Which album is Billie Jean featured on?
: What are the family of isomeric compounds which start with the letter x
does the anomaly mean of 1186 turnera equal to 3.93852?
Who gave the {specialism} of {aspect of} of {atmospheric circulation} ?
Name Pierre Trudeau's baptismal name akin to Filipe?
In Spain, which optical telescope has the minimum focal length?
Is the size of the team at finish for the women's doubles less than 1.6?
What is The Times of India ID for Panasonic?
What theater is operated by the University of Toronto?
Which is the birth place of Chopper Read, that have county seat of Victoria?
How many board members are there on the Free Software Foundation?
What is the record label and genre of Soundgarden?
What is the aldehyde with the highest median lethal dose?
What is located in the same standard time zone as Crete?
Where did Robert Penn Warren get his Master of Arts degree?
What films has Kate Winslet appeared in?
who brother or sister of painters of the day dream ?
Who is {mentor} of {music by} {The Steel Trap} ?
What information does Daniel Ellsberg have that indicates the winner is Lucy Thompson?
Where did Arne Jacobsen die, which is also the county seat for Denmark?
When did the Soviet Union leave the United Nations Security Council?
Name the color film with the fewest episodes .
What is the higher taxon of the taxonomic rank of Apicomplexa?
Which is the GND ID for will.i.am?
What is Oldboy from author  Nobuaki Minegishi  based on?
Which is the occupation of Clarence Hudson WHite?
Is 14.9 the common equity tier 1 capital ratio (CETI) of the (UBS)?
Where was Paul VI born in, which is adjacent to Cellatica?
which means{Encyclopaedia Metallum band ID} on{Iron Maiden} ?
When did Ternopil Oblast become part of Ukraine?
What is the public key fingerprint of built IBM Personal Computers?
Is it true that the maximal incubation period in humans with Rabies equals to 0.8?
What was awarded to Lothat Matthaus when Michel Platini was the 1st place medalist?
Where is Bucharest located?
Which is the Prisma ID for Joanne Woodward?
Is it true that the number of speakers of the Yurok is less than 9.6?
Where did the Biblical story of Exodus take place?
What are the skills that contains the word sensitivity in their name
Which is {work produced} of {builder} {Kosmos 48} ?
is {cast member} of {Buffy the Vampire Slayer} that is {character role} is {Buffy Summers} ?
What prize did Hristo Stoichkov win?
When did Hussein of Jordan receive the Princess of Asturias Award for Concord?
What are the card game which start with the letter uno
Which is the CPDOC ID of Dilma Rousseff?
What is The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints' Google Play developer ID?
Tell me the Sports-Reference.com Olympic athlete ID of Serena Williams.
In what timezone is the original glam metal?
What is the RefSeq RNA ID of SCT?
Which business enterprise has highest operating income?
What academic degree starts with the letter "t"?
Which is the Gertrude identifier for Rennes?
When did Adolph Marx start using his given name Arthur?
What type of music  does Ellen Ripley do?
tell me castle whose name has the word odenburg in it
Wellington is the capitol of what island country?
When was the attempted coup d'etat during the rule of King Juan Carlos I of Spain?
Which is next to Xinjiang, that has arrondissements as Haidong?
Which is the Gymn Forum athlete ID of Mary Lou Retton?
Is the points for the Keigo Kusaba more than 18?
Who has a surname of Ueda Akinari that is the equivalent of Uwada?
What is Rafer Johnson's National Track & Field Hall of Fame athlete ID?
what is National Library of Ireland authority ID for giorgio vasari?
Is the synodic period of Mercury less than 139.056?
What is the population of Anselm of Canterbury?
Mention the source composition of sweetbread.
Which country for crime has a different from contravention?
Where did Nikolay Gumilev and Anna Akhmatova marry and why did their marriage end?
Which {pronunciation audio} is {music genre} of {parable of the Good Samaritan} ?
Which Wikimedia article lists Yekaterinburg monuments?
Which member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences is sillimanite named after?
What is IUCN taxon ID FOR Pistacia vera
Who is graduated from Georges Dumézil whose parent company is Centre de Recherches sur la Pensée Antique?
Which company is worked under J.M.Coetzee?
WHat is the classification scheme that contains the word "type " in its name
Was Selena ethnic group Indian American?
How many different sports disciplines are competed in by Emil Zatopek?
What is chief executive officer of Sheldon Adelson ?
What is the ADW taxon ID for perch?
Name the republic with the highest fertility rate ?
What is the American Journal of Physical Anthropology's UniProt journal ID?
WHat medie ruled by Susan Wojcicki contains the word "Youtube" in its name ?
Which is commanded by the Warsaw Pact?
Is it true that Hugh Jackman was educated at Western Sydney University?
Who is Natsume Sōseki's granddaughter?
What are the cryptocurrency which start with the letter z
For which sports team does Thierry Henry play and how many matches has he played?
What is the proportion of Central Huijin Investment does the Agricultural Bank of China own?
Tell me armed forces whose name has the word wehrmacht in it.
What is military rank for vice admiral ?
When did Sergei Bondarchuk marry Irina Skobtseva?
What is the synodic period of Mars?
Does dating follow uncodified constitution?
What what is play  location of first performance Palace of Whitehall and also which starts with letter t
Is Joan of Arc's feast day March 27?
What what is  public holiday day in year for periodic occurrence by 18 Tishrei which starts with letter s
What award did John Briley win for his work on the movie Gandhi?
What is the architecture firm of based in Athletics at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's long jump ?
Which is the navy for the employer of Steve Bannon?
What is the official language of the Ottoman Empire?
is it true trichloromonofluoromethane global-warming potential equals 5352?
Which is Flickr user ID for Association for Computing Machinery?
Did the Ultimate Fighting Championship follow the Cage Rage Championships and Strikeforce?
Which is Flanders Arts Institute person ID for Dean Martin?
What is the history and geography of Mesopotamia?
What is the dialect  of Yue Chinese ?
How much people are there in the county of Al Bayda
tell me legal case whose name has the word wei in it
What sports team does Jock Stein play for and how many points did he score?
Which part of Skylab has a crew member called William R. Pogue?
What is CiNii book ID for The Catcher in the Rye?
WHICH IS THE VERSION EDITION OR TRANSLATION THAT CONTAINS THE WORD KPY30 IN THEIR NAME
What is namination did Luis Buñuel receive his work in That Obscure Object of Desire?
Did Tim Curry and Henry Woolf star in "The Rocky Horror Picture Show"?
What is the class IB flammable liquid with min boiling point whose instance is ester?
What features of Olympia?
What is the protein that physically interacts with erythromycin?
Tell me which company developed the iPod?
Which {color} of {teams is played by} {Paul Gibson} ?
Who is killed by Malcolm X  as assassination?
What is {history} of {Elijah Muhammad's} {religious affiliation}  ?
What sport is played for world record of high jump ?
What is Irish National Inventory of Architectural Heritage ID for King's Inns ?
What is Camelus's taxon range map image?
In what year did Hal B. Wallis marry Louise Fazenda?
Which municipality with town privileges in the Czech Republic has the highest mean age?
What is the motion picture studio which has made 'The Archers', which has received the award 'Satellite Award for Best Miniseries'?
WHICH IS THE MINOR BASILICA THAT ARCHITECTURAL STYLE RENAISSANCE ARCHITECTURE AND WHICH CONTAINS THE WORD SANTI IN THEIR NAME
Which music genre is played by the Spectrum?
What is the Latvian toponymic names database ID of Riga?
Does the aluminum have a time-weighted average exposure limit that equals 6.0?
Tell me association football league whose name has the word  serie   in it.
The Smashing Pumpkins are from what county seat in England?
Who is {competitor} and {competitor in conflict} of {George Monro} ?
What character did Elijah Wood play in Huckleberry Finn?
Which is the {present in work} and the {said to be the same as} of {Santa_Claus} ?
Who is the member of deathplace of Surena?
Tell me recurring event whose name has the word worldcon in it.
What is the religious concept for series of Rama?
liscence number of sawao kato
Tell me district of Austria whose name has the word wels in it.
Is the earthquake magnitude on the Richter magnitude scale of the 1909 Lambesc earthquake equal to 6.2?
What is Lionel Messi on trial for?
What is Q48460 before it is Tritium?
What is Hilary Mantel's college degree in?
What does Liesbeth Lijnzaad study?
Which is the Observatoire du Patrimoine Religieux ID for Notre Dame de Paris?
What's the cell component of cholesterol?
Who is {actress} of {major works} for {Juan Carlos Carrasco} ?
What is the middle name of Sheridan Le Fanu which is same as Giusepp?
Which is the capital of the Duchy of Burgundy?
What is the head office location of NTV whose partner town is Brussels?
What has William Boeing designed?
When did john Steinbeck (he has a spouse called Gwyn Conger) reach his end time?
Which is the highest note of Mariah Carey?
Is Apollo's child Deiphobus and Borysthenis?
Who was born in Bonn?
What is the location born of Lester B. Pearson with the title of head of government being the Mayor of Toronto?
What is the religion and gender of Robert Mueller?
What is the number of children not enrolled in school in the Rashidun Caliphate?
When did the Pridnestrovian Moldavian Republic have the head of state of Yevgeny Shevchuk?
Hristo Stoichkov is member of which sports team and how many total matches he played?
What film does Meryl Streep start in
Is it true that the quantity buried of the Insterburg German military cemetery equals to 6930?
What is the highest peak in Tasmania?
What is Nominis saint ID for Teresa of Ávila ?
What was Celeste Holm nominated for?
What is the name of the illnes that Roger Bannister had, was it called genetic association or GAK?
Is the number of households of Aghouinite equal to 0?
What is the publication date for Carl Linnaeus's notable work Genera Plantarum?
Who is the leader player of Connecticut College?
What was the noble title of Lysimachus, the successor of Demetrius I of Macedon?
Name a relative of Tim Minchin
How many titles are done by Things Fall Apart?
Tell me the observable universe that starts with the letter o.
What is the rate of CPI inflation in Romanian economic history?
Which is the diocese of Arkhangelsk?
When was Lechkreis the capital of Augsburg?
Is the declination of Malin 1 equal to 14.3303?
When did Jean-Jacques Rousseau marry Thérèse Levasseur?
What does the statue of Dante Alighieri depict
What artist inspired Lena's narrative?
Winston Churchill was elected to what position and when?
Who designed and manufactures the M16 rifle?
What is the bibliography of English speaker Maurice Sendak.
when did William Shockley received the award of Oliver E. Buckley Condensed Matter Prize?
What is the symbol of the physical quantity "kilometre"?
Which is Fashion Model Directory designer ID for Coco Chanel?
Which is etymology of Gal having interment in Basilica of Santa Crore?
What is the works for Richie Benaud, having recognition title of Satellite Award for Best Miniseries?
Who is the contributor(s) responsible for creating Mickey Mouse?
What is the name of the nation that China was previously known as?
Joko Widodo is the head of government for which island nation?
Who is the inventor of one-time pad, whose first name is Gilbert?
Cortisol interacts with what protein?
Who are the members of the Grateful Dead?
What are the  contract which start with the letter r
what is the end time for Bjorn Borg has partner as Jannika Bjorling?
What is the consumption rate per capita of the product?
Which is located on astronomical body for Mimas?
which is appears in the form of snake ?
What is the disease for medical conditions treated with amphetamines?
Which is the sports award that Tim Duncan was awarded?
What caused the Great Irish Famine?
n/a
who fate of television channel of My Wife Next Door ?
Is it true that the votes receives in the Swiss animal protection referendum, 1893 were less than 229832.4?
What was composed by Stabat Mater, whom is dead?
What is the UNSPSC Code of a pencil?
WHICH IS THE EXCIPIENT THAT STARTS WITH X
Is the field of view of the Wide-Field Imager for Solar Probe greater than 114.0?
What is the Dodo's taxonomic rank?
What is the highest position in the African Union ?
Who is the actor Lana Turner
What sports team plays for Garrincha and how many matches did they play?
Which is the natural reservoir of malaria?
What is the founders of denomination of Gregory II?
For what was Gloria Grahame nominated for an Acadamy Award for Best Supporting Actress?
What is the observable dimension and physical quantity of bushel?
Is the sound power level of the Global Machinery Company MS1015AUL equal 110?
n/a
Who was Thomas Wakley hold and how did he die?
What Howard Florey was awared by Laval University?
What is the host for the standard genetic code?
Is the IPA number order of the voiced pharyngeal frictative equal to 145?
Who is the {television series} for {director} of {Jim Henson}
Who are the daughters of Maria Rosa Pulley Vergara?
What is the Waiting for Godot's BiblioNet publication ID?
In what district did Yuri Nikulin die?
What is NCMEC ID of Gary Ridgway?
What are the economic policy which start with the letter t
what is ring system that contains the word rings in their name
What is the UK Electoral Commission ID for the Labour Party?
What field of employment is Kōtarō Yoshida in?
Is Tina the given name of Tina Fey?
What is heritage designation of Venice ?
Tell me the ship type whose name has the word whaleback in it
Who is the member of Robert Trivers, that have ideology of black nationalism?
What is the boiling point of the conjugate acid of nitrate ions?
Which is the populated place in the Netherlands which shares border with Rotterdam?
In which sea is the terrain feature from Oceania?
what are the vegetation zone which start with the letter t
When did Kevin Costner and Cindy Costner get married?
Was Christopher Hitchens influenced by Salman Rushdie and Edward Said?
Which Le Monde diplomatique subject ID is Dominica's?
Where Alexis of Russia was born at Tsardom of Russia?
Name the CPU with highest number of processor cores?
Which is the province of Pikes Peak that is sudivided into Jefferson Country?
What are the neighborhood  which start with the letter z
Who made the economic branch of Saleen?
How many are approved for the Iraq War?
Who is the belligerent player from Italy at the UEFA Euro 2016?
What is the chief's office of life stance honorius I?
Which is the fossil found in this unit for Gazella?
Michel Foucault influenced whom?
Which company is alumni of Robert McNamara?
Who was accused of the 2011 Al Hillah bombing?
What is the cosmic microwave background experiment with the longest wavelength?
Is the total debt of Accor equal to -56800000?
When was Nicolas Sarkozy elected president?
What is the ideology of the member of the party of B V Keskar?
What city replaced the capital of Tenochtitlan?
Name the unit of measurement that uses the percent sign and starts with letter P
What is located in the administrative territorial entity for Angela Davis' place of birth, is it Birmingham?
Does the average gradient of the Streif equal 0.27?
Was Kobe Bryant influenced by Michael Jordan?
Which is the Australian Statistical Geography 2016 ID for Western Australia?
What National Historic Trail starts with the letter "t"?
Is the cost of tuition at Imperial College London lower than 24800.0?
With a zenith of Ben Nevis, what is Gian Carlo Menotti's home town?
What is Turner Classic Movies person ID for Martin Scorsese ?
When did Dubrovnik become a country in the Austrian Empire?
What country in the Roman Republic was the place of death of Cicero?
Which follows the Shining?
Was United States of America participant of Atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki?
What is the inventor  of the orbited by of Kepler-440?
What work did Patty Duke receive the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for?
What urban city starts with "v"?
I need to know the mountain range in the Ethiopian Highlands.
How long was Ub Iwerks a teacher at Northeast High School
who made from of painting of harvest at montfoucault ?
Which cosmonaut mission was Dick Scobee a crew member on?
Which is the tributary in the coast of Pico Island?
Were Lady Macbeth and Siward, Earl of Northumbria characters in Macbeth?
What was the position held by Damascus I before replacement by Siricius?
whom is in work of painting of madonna and child?
Is the speed of sound of the methanol equal to 1121?
Who are members of the group employed by Lyle Campbell?
What person discovered or invented the reed organ?
What is the county seat of the work location of Ruth Olvera Nieto?
What is the name for Etruschi culture?
What languages are spoken, written or signed in Somali?
What is elFilm film ID of Triumph of the Will?
When did Parma become part of United Provinces of Central Italy?
What is county seat for Tunis, that has diplomatic relation with Malaysia?
Is it true that the total goals in career of Paul Jerrard equals to 0?
Is Texas an administrative territorial entity of the Confederate States of America?
What are the activity which start with the letter v
How many production companies are for The Dark Knight?
Is the lower flammable limit of kerosene greater than 0.56?
Tell me land-grant university whose name has the word virginia in it.
Which means{Operone opera ID} for {Parsifal} ?
Which is the BugGuide ID for Tipulidae?
Which national association football league has the minimum level in the league?
What flammable liquid containing carbon has the lowest enthalpy of evaporation?
Who is the director that worked for Peter Goddard?
What is a group that contains the word group in its name?
Who are the children and siblings of Angela Lansbury?
Tell me me a music festival whose name consist of the word "contest" and whose production company European Broadcasting  union
What is the MusicaBrainz instrument ID for a recorder?
What is Robert Lewandowski's Soccerbase player identification?
What are the natural disaster effects of rain
Which is the Iranica ID of Arthropoda?
How many matches did Abby Wambach play?
Who was responsible for the naming of Palladium?
Which city is the death location of Heshen, which is also the sister city of Mexico City?
What was the population of Royal National Park, at the time of the 2016 Australian census?
Did Dwight D. Eisenhower attend the US Military Academy?
What is the effect of tetanus on the taxon?
What music genre is the musical score by Brainstorm?
Who is the {human} for {partner} of {Julia Roberts}
is the genome size of zika virus reference genome equal to 12952.8?
Which is the dominion of the British Empire of the participation in World War II?
What zoological name is coordinate with Papilionidae?
What are the musical which start with the letter world
Which is the position that Xi Jinping held as position?
tell  me epic poem that starts with t
What is {zip code} of {workplace} of {Cornelia Funke} ?
What are the Ingredients of Grober Auerberg with measurements?
What is the SSR number of the Norwegian Sea?
Which is the Central Index Key of Walmart?
What position did Henry Morton Stanley hold and when did it end?
What topic in Chechnya history contains the Naursky District?
Which papers were created by The Steerage?
When Veneto is in daylight saving time, what is the time zone?
Which is the IRC channel for Ruby?
which play game starts with w
TELL ME HISTORICAL REGION THAT STARTS WITH THE LETTER V
What is boiling point for formaldehyde?
"Whereis {spore print color} of {Amanita phalloides}, which has {is the antonym of} is {black} ?"
What are the daily newspaper which start with the letter zeitung
"Where is {deathplace} of {Louisa Lawson}, which has {queen} is {Bill Hayden} ?"
Is the median lethal concentration of the dichlorine equal to 137?
What is the launch date of the place of activity of Marine Le Pen?
What is the release region of those employed by Honore Daumier?
Which reflector has the shortest wavelenth?
What is Ryan Reynold's person ID on Kino-teatr.ua
The European Parliament has jurisdiction in what economic union?
When did Humphry Davy receive the noble title of baronet?
Was George Michael an electropop artist?
What role model starred in Descent?
Is the takeoff roll of the Ryan Navion equal to 120?
Which metropolis starts with letter K and was categorized and shot in Karachi ?
In what field does Ivan Vazov work as a translator?
Are {Al_Gore's} {child} {Bill Oakley} and {Karenna Gore Schiff} ?
What school did the International  Olympic Committee's founder attend?
Who is the PhD advisor to the scriptwriter of Kidnapped?
What is taxon parent symbol of Utah?
At what position did Alp Arslan replace Tughrill?
Which {Australian Heritage Database Place ID} at {Heard Island and McDonald Islands} ?
Is the apoapsis of the 16589 Hastrup less than 2.502?
Which shinto shrine is the burial place for Tokugawa Leyasu?
What was Maya Angelou nominated for at the 27th Tony Awards
who democratic republic for anthem of The Star-Spangled banner?
What are theredistribution market which start with the letter usell
What is a professional services firm whose name starts with the letter k.
Which is the port city located in Aung San Suu Kyi.
Is the acceptable daily intake of pentachlorobenzene more than 0.02004?
Which is the discovery method for Radial velocity?
Where is the birth place of Pat Cleveland?
Does Sony own Triumph Films and Loot Interactive, LLC?
When was the final year Canaletto worked in Great Britain?
How many {handles} are there for {The Night Watch}?
Did Zayn Malik attend All Hallows Catholic School?
Is the AK-12 rate of fire equal to 600?
Which is the USA Gymnastics Hall of Fame athlete ID of Mary Lou Retton?
Name an aircraft model manufactured by Dornier ?
What neighborhood takes part in Christiano Ronaldo?
Name a song performed by Hrithik Roshan
What position does Gough Whitlam hold and what position was he elected in?
Is the number of labs completed by 1924 Duff & Aldington #8 equal to 120
What is the { end cause } for { Paul } as { Judaism } has { religion }?
is it true that the observing time available of the kitt peak national observatory is greater than 312?
Harriet Tubman's death occurred where and how?
Which award did Michael Spence receive alongside Joseph E. Stiglitz?
Which are the mineral acids that contains the word acid in their name?
What is the floruit of Cunedda?
What disease is sodium chloride used as a treatment for?
What is operating system for game engine of Agatha Christie: The ABC Murders ?
How many electorates are in Taguig?
which railway electrification system has the highest frequency?
What is the currency rate for the {Republic of Tatarstan} ?
What is {used language} of {motif} of {Pietà} ?
which time spacecraft launch of sputnik 1?
what is w3c recommendation starts with x
What is the college attended by Ron Chernow whose subsidiary entity is Department of Psychology, University of Cambridge?
What is the name of the polymer for the monomer of ethylene?
Does Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis belong as a MASP1 gene?
Which extrasolar planet has the highest temperature?
What County Kerry prefecture has County Tipperary districts?
Did Tom Hardy received the BIFA Award for Best British Independent Film?
What is Foundational Model of Anatomy ID for  human leg?
How much did James Chadwick get for winning the Nobel Prize in Physics?
What is the Botanical Journal of the Linnean Society's Harvard botanical journal ID?
Who is Ali al-Haidi's  nephew?
Tell me which is greater than the rural area.
Which is the iNaturalist taxon ID of swordfish?
How are James A. Michener and David Michener related?
What is the taxon rank of Fennel and what award did Fennel receive?
Which is the member of the crew of of Edward Smith?
Is it true that the thermal conductivity of borosilicate glass is less than 1.44
Which sour apple cultivar has the shortest shelf life?
Was Doc Holliday a physician and dentist?
Is the heat capacity of gold equal to 25.418?
What country founded the religion of Islam?W
What is the NUTS code for Pays de la Loire?
Where in USA is the headquarters of National Collegiate Athletic Association located?
Who is head of state and the government leader of Tasmania?
Tell me the spouse who directed Twilight of Honor?
What is the etymology of non-Euclidean geometry whose domain is geometry?
What is the population of Cartagena as estimated by the census office?
Was human sexual activity taught as a part of psychology at Princeton University Chapel?
which subject has role and physically interacts with Citric_acid?
Who are the employees of Food and Drug Administration?
"Where is {Christian name} of {Henry Vaughan}, which has {said to be different from} is {Heinrich} ?"
What is the sun for Pluto?
When did {battle} of {6th Bomber Corps} {formed}  ?
What award did Costa-Gavras receive for his work on Missing?
When was Gordon Brown elected, and what position did he hold?
Who is the prizewinner of Alain Renais, is it Otar Losseliani?
What is { significant event } of { Eugène Delacroix } that is { location } is { Saint - Germain - des - Prés Abbey }?
What are the parent companys of that studied at Margaret Mead ?
Which star does Planet Nine orbit?
Is it true that Barney Stanley's number of matches played/races/starts is eeual to 1.2?
Where is the dead place of Ian Clunies Ross which has rural cities in City of Stawell ?
Which is EPPO Code for Chlamydomonas?
Is the face value of penny black less than 1.2?
What is BNCF Thesaurus ID for outlaw ?
What is the conjugation class for Italian?
Who are the artists of the songs of Guardians of the Galaxy?
When was Nicolas Cage awarded the Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Male Actor in a Leading Role?
When was Enoch Powell elected as Member of the 47th Parliament of the United Kingdom?
Which is the Facebook profile ID for Kenny Rogers?
Does Miami administrate over Amman and Asti?
Where did Alexander I of Yugoslavia in the French Third Republic die?
Is transgender the opposite of cisgender?
What did the Gregorian_calendar replace and what is it named after?
Which is the publication date for Orientalism?
What are the Original Public Ivy which start with the letter U
Which university are the archives of Jefferson Davis at?
Which is the reservoir for the dam of Oroville Dam?
Tell me subject of international law  whose name has the word nations in it
what is the {end time} for {Pierre Trudeau} who has {position held} as {Prime Minister of Canada} ?
Where in Washington was Naomi Parker Fraley's place of death?
What is the street address for the MTV headquarters in New York City?
Does the topographic prominence of the Piz Arlos less than 13.6?
What is Huldrych Zwingli's Global Anabaptist Mennonite Encyclopedia Online ID?
How many children on the planet are not in school?
WHAT TYPE OF THE BUILDING MATERIAL WHOSE NAME THAT STARTS WITH Z
Where is Clara Schumann buried in Alter Friedhof?
Which is the single that had the lyrics by Janet Jackson?
When did Ivan the Terrible marry Anna Koltovskaya?
type I hypersensitivity is caused by which protein?
How many chair-people are here for the International Skating Union?
Is it true that the number of household of the vadlavanipalle is equal to 0.0?
What is the discipline of  the made by of #ICanHazPDF?
Which region of the Northern Territory replaces the Northern Territory?
IS THE POULATION OF LIEBES EQAULS TO 0
Is the maximum Strahler number of Mill Creek equal to 1?
What was Farrah Fawcett nominated for a TCA Award for Outstanding Achievement in Drama for?
When did Linkin Park receive the MTV Europe Music Award for Best World Stage Performance?
Who is the author of Amartya Sen?
What instruments do the musicians use within "In questa reggia"?
When did the Faisal of Saudi Arabia get replaced by the Khalid of Saudi Arabia?
Which is the Global Biodiversity Information Facility ID of reptile?
What is the signatory of ANZUS which represents the Federal Government of the United States?
what are the borough of new york city which contains the word queens in their name
who is the estimation for studied by of epidemiology?
What award was received by Dennis M. Ritchie and Ken Thompson ?
What is the historical period of the work of Daniel-Charles Trudaine ?
Who created the original topic of The Essential Dykes to Watch Out For?
When did George R. R. Martin receive the Nebula Award for Best Novelette?
Does Biology study cell biology and organism ?
Which is the human time period of Three Kingdoms?
Who is the teacher of the musical score by Violin Concerto?
Which is the herrschaft for the official language of Dutch?
What is the writen language of John Wesley Hardin whose hand-signed form is manually coded English?
Who is the   {city} for {official language} of {Urdu}
Tell me the civic building that is located in the street of Pennsylvania Avenue and whose name contains the word house.
What branch is the building engineer in Ferrell Center?
What is a national association football team whose name starts with the letter t.
Who is the life partner in the musical score by Etudes Boreales?
Which film was Cecil B. DeMille nominated for Academy Award for Best Picture?
What material is used in painting the leaf ?
what are the chemical property that starts with t
What is the estimation process to determine the total fertility rate of Channel Islands?
What is the population of Ibadan?
What is the city in Ukraine hat has replaced Khadjibey and that starts with letter O ?
When was Alva Myrdal married to Gunnar Myrdal?
Which Atlantic hurricane has the lowest atmospheric pressure?
Which is the Poetry International Web poet ID for Allen Ginsberg?
What language does Art Blakey speak? it is not spanglish.
The Social Democratic Party of Germany was created on the ashes of which other party ?
When did spouse of Charles Boyer and start time?
Which state was involved in the French invasion of Russia
What what is type of number disjoint union of} list values as qualifiers  starts with  and also which starts with letter n
Which is the continent of the provenance of L'Origine du Monde?
Was Kathy Bates educated at University of Texas at Arlington and William Esper Studio?
What is the genetic association of prostate cancer as determined by the Genome-wide association study?
Is the discharge of Gela equal to 0.96?
What are the series ordinal for Pierre Beaumarchais whose given name is Pierre?
What animated films were produced by Hayao Miyazaki?
What is the GNS Unique Feature ID of Bochum?
What is the { end time } for { Zhu De } to hold { position } as { vice chairman of the Communist Party of China }?
Is it true that the operating income of Roscosmos State Corporation equals to 2016?
What is the science award with the highest prize money whose country is United States of America ?
What is the Latin script surname of Scott McCloud?
Conrad Hilton has how many children?
What is Granada's coat of arms?
WHAT IS GEOLOGICAL SUPEREON THAT STARTS WITH P
Is the collection or exhibition size of the Schedule of Sales of Townsite Lots less than 0.0?
Which is {famous works} of {songwriter} of {Nocturne No. 12 in G major, Op. 37, No. 2} ?
Is A&M Records the record label of Iggy Pop?
What is Jules Michelet's Library of Congress Classificaiton?
Who is the costume designer for Ghostbusters?
Which IGAC rating category has the lowest age?
For what work did The Temptations receive an award for the Grammy Hall of Fame?
What is the time period for the ancient Roman Empire?
When did Brest twin with Plymouth?
Which is the Hansard 2006 - March 2016 ID for Jeremy Corbyn?
Tell me linear combination whose name has the word principle in it.
Which is Roman cognomen for Hadrian?
What Paul Lukas prize was awarded to the winner James Cagney?
Who gave the  {incorporation date} of {native to} of {Italian cuisine} ?
Who is the costume designer for Karl Lagerfeld?
What time does 'The Night Watch' begin in Kloveniersdoelen?
which steel bridge with the lowest fee whose instance of is bridge?
What tournament had the most matches end up in a draw?
which landlocked country with the lowest retirement age whose member is interpol?
WHICH IS THE TOWN STARTS WITH S
Which is Catalogus Professorum Academiae Rheno-Traiectinae ID for Peter Debye?
What is the Big Bang
Which is the outcome made by Monterey Jack?
WHO INFORMED THE HUSBAND OF MARY PRIESTLEY?
What are the group of greek mythical character which start with the letter t
Was the attendance at the 41st World Science Fiction Convention less than 8400.0?
Where did David Hume die?
What is the grade of Andy Murray
Is the short-term exposure limit of the aspirin equal to 0.6?
What is the name of the hometown of Guillaume Apollinaire?
What is the name of the neutrino quantum particle?
Who owns the iMac properties?
Which is parent company of Ganymede?
Which cycling team was Bradley Wiggins on?
Who was the doctoral adviser to Benedict XVI
Name the country with the lowest age of majority in the country.
WHOSE VOICE IN THE WORK OF VENEZUELA
What is { award received } from { Margaret Atwood } that is { working } is { Circle Game }?
From which University Phil Hartman graduated from?
What is the nuclear isomer with the highest neutron number whose instance of is isotope of lead?
Twinned administrative body of Vancouver is of which county seat?
What is the official language of the service operator of INTEGRAL ?
What government is in place for Tokyo, Japan?
What is {symbol} of {physical quantity} for {acre} ?
What is the position held by John Gorton and in which electoral district does he serve?
What position did Kim Beazly replace John Curtin in?
David Beckham is a member of what sports team and how many matches has he played?
Is the wing area of the Rolladen-Schneider LS4 equal to 10.5?
How much prize money was Sinclair Lewis awarded for receiving a Nobel Prize in Literature?
What are the film studio which start with the letter engineering
What was Bimba Rose's relationship with Miguel Bose?
Did Manic Street Preachers record music with Universal Music Group ?
Who is the song producer of season two of Wilful Behaviour?
What is first describe of Deimos that includes partners that features Angeline Stickney?
What is the current translated edition of Bhagavad Gita
What is the biggest contributing factor that has the immediate result of a hot temperature?
when is the {end time} for {Louis XVIII of France} tha has {spouse} as {Marie Joséphine of Savoy} ?
Where is the place of death of György Sárosi, in Italy?
Is the longitude of ascending node of the 1170 Siva equal to .87601?
What is Laura Kenny's Cycling Archives cyclist ID?
What is the REPEc institute ID for University of Oxford?
What is the phase point of a triple point?
Which is the republic in the history topic of the history of India?
What is the name of the fictional universe described in Daredevil?
Which is the ICD-O for colorectal cancer?
Who are the kids of Fela Kuti whose sister or brother is Seun Kuti?
When was Alexander Karelin become the citizen of Russia?
Is the maximum peak exposure limit of ethylene dichloride greater than 648?
How many bodies of water are located next to Lübeck?
Which  is Catholic Hierarchy person ID of Óscar Romero?
Who is a member of the cast of The Rocky Horror Picture Show?
What electoral district did William Beveridge hold as Member of the 37th Parliament of the United Kingdom?
who series of prints for series of the great wave off kanagawa?
Who discovered Malaria?
What was designed by Pascal, who was a member of the Academia Europaea?
What was the position held by Djuanda Kartawidjaja after he replaced Sukarno?
What is preceded by the birth of Gideon Adams?
What is the Xbox One Connector?
What is PolitiFact Personality ID for Jesse Jackson?
What is the cardinality of this set of rational numbers?
Which is senat.fr ID for Raymond Poincaré?
What is the noble title of Charles the Bald and by whom is he followed?
Which Statkraft hydroelectric power station has the greatest annual energy output?
Are the number of children of Courtney Thorne-Smith less than 0.8?
Is the atomic number of argon-40 greater than 21.6?
What are the capital cities that start with letter W ?
which isomer of indium has the lowest atomic number
Who is the favorite player of the music by American Dream?
Which disease is most prevalent?
What is UBERON ID for trachea ?
What faith is the music by Frankie and Johnny?
Which {endemic to} and the {parent taxon} of {Tasmanian_devil} ?
Who did Ibrahim AbuLughod's daughters marry?
What is Norwegian's official language integral overseas territory?
What is the unit used to measure energy ?
Is New Jersey next to Querétaro, a subdivided neighborhood?
what is tributary of terrain feature of lesser antilles?
Was Charlton Heston educated at Northwestern University and Tisch School of the Arts?
What river runs through Aachen?
name the cultural area with maximum imports?
Did Kendrick Lamar receive an award at the BET Hip Hop awards?
Who is the nominee nominated for Vertigo at the Academy Awards for Best Production Design?
What is the valid standard time period of the Kyiv Oblast time zone?
What is the CPI inflation rate of accused of battle of saratoga?
Was Roman Polanski born in Paris?
Who replaced Aldo Moro as the Minister of Foreign Affairs?
was management's fabrication method evaluation and planning?
What is PhilPapers author ID for Maurice Merleau-Ponty ?
Which halogenated hydrocarbon has the lowest partition coefficient of water to octanol ?
Who is the spouse of LeAnn Rimes when she was married in California?
What is the field of research of the board game publisher of USB-C?
When did chairperson of Communist Party of China and followed by?
What is the SI unit of density?
For what movie was Martin Scorsese nominated for the Academy Award for Best Director?
Which is the MYmovies director ID of Stephen Merchant?
Who is the artist of the albul Up 'til Now?
Which car manufacturer is located in Barcelona?
Which is nighttime view for Asunción?
How many people support Czechoslovakia?
What is  in the CTHS society ID of International Council for Science ?
What member of citizenship is Jean Paul Getty?
Where did neuroscience originate?
Was Arnold Schwarzenegger married to Maria Shriver?
which profession  starts with s
What is MusicBrainz label ID of CBS ?
How many archives does George Eliot have at Leeds University Library?
Which Isotope of osmium has both the most excess mass and decays into tungsten-159?
Has Tom Cruise lived in Los Angeles?
Tell me constellation  whose name has the word volans in it.
Does Charles Manson suffer from narcissistic personality disorder?
What is the immediate effect of weight gain?
Which painting depicts the Biblical Magi?
"What is the name after of Doppler effect whose surname is Doppler?
How many film editors worked for Star Wars Episode IV: A New Hope?
What is the edition number for the Extensible Markkup Language?
Did Kid Cudi use record labels "Top Dawg Entertainment" and "Fool's Gold Records"?
Is the nominal GDP per capita of Belarus greater than 4592.368?
What award did Daft Punk member Guy-Manuel de Homem-Christo receive?
Who are the daughters of Frank Crean?
Tell me the literary movement which is partially coincident with the futurist architecture and starts with the letter f?
Is the maximum glide ratio of Grob G102 Astir equal to 44.4?
What is the capital of the area where Francisco Pizarro passed away?
How many awards has Bashar al-Assad received for Order of the Liberator?
Who was the person that was the father of Zaha Hadid?
What political party is Tim Allen a member of and what is his country of citizenship?
Was Lucifer worshipped by Luciferianism?
who date formed  of college attended  of Caryl Churchill ?
What country is East Timor located in?
On what lake is the Indian reserve of Thalang?
What is the Deutsche Synchronkartei actor-ID of Matthew McConaughey?
Is the defined daily dose of Codeine .1?
Where is the operating area for Super Rugby?
Is the Rolladen-Schneider LS8's maximum glide ratio equal to 49?
Tell me the codomain of sequence.
Which is the NPB player ID of Sadaharu Oh?
What is the {sexual orientation} and the {sex or gender} of {Ricky_Martin} ?
Who is the leader of the Muslim Brotherhood?
For what role was Richard Dreyfuss nominated as Academy Award for Best Actor?
Does the Parintins municipal election, 2016 for Councillor abstentions equal 16041.6?
Who gave the {sister or brother} of {teleplay by} of {Alice's Restaurant} ?
What is Orchidaceae's WoRMS-ID?
How is the sigil of Weesperkarspel painted?
Which is the historical country for the diplomatic relation of the Ottoman Empire?
What type of races did Bernard Thevenet compete in?
What is the sister of the Johanna of Castile's child?
When did Jean-Paul Sartre move to Le Havre?
Does carbon have an oxidation start equal to -3?
Who is the facility operating shareholder at Mongstad Power Station?
Is Paris the country where Heinrich Heine died?
gsdg
What is denomination of university attended the Daniela Georgieva ?
What are the fictional which start with the letter w
What was Anthony Perkins nominated for in his work in Friendly Persuasion?
Is the number of masts of the Derry Castle less than 3.6?
For what film was Alan Alda nominated for during the 21st Tony Awards?
Neymar LFP Player mode of identification is what?
When did Thierry Henry become a member of the France national football team?
Which is the Musikverket person ID for Antoine Watteau?
Tell me psychoactive drug  whose name has the word opium  in it.
Is 4 the oxidation state of carbon?
Which is IBSF ID for Lizzy Yarnold?
Which is the Dictionnaire des peintres belges ID of Hans Memling?
In 1990, did Celine Dion participant in the Eurovision Song Contest ?
Are the awarded points of the 2017 AFL Women's season 4?
WHICH IS THE SPECIALIST OF THE PART OF WORK OF COMPARISON OF QUANTUM DOT BIODISTRIBUTION WITH A BLOOD FLOW LIMITED PHYSIOLOGICALLY BASED PHARMACEOKINETIC MODEL?
What type of current was used by the Ottoman Empire?
Ryan Rossiter's place of birth is next to what?
Where does Signe Krarup's spouse work?
who adjacent to of sports country of haile gebrselassie ?
What is the history behind the place where A Chorus Line was said to originate?
Which is the type of electrification for Amsterdam Metro?
Did Paul McCartney have a sibling named Mike McGear?
Which {human population} {head quarters} is {Gemäldegalerie} ?
What is signs  murder method of Vittorio De Sica?
Who replaced Felipe González in the position of Prime Minister of Spain?
Which head quarters of Miss International is next to Chiba Prefecture?
Which of the Fungicides that cause Ferbam exposure has the lowest explosive concentration?
When did classical antiquity become a nature of ststement?
When did Herbert A. Simon receive the John von Neumann Theory Prize?
Tell me the history of Texas which towns are apart of this country.
What was Anjelica Huston nominated for at the 63rd Academy Awards?
What is the timeline of topic of the domain of Meton of Athens ?
Which is the antiparticle for lepton?
What taxon ranked species has the shortest gestation period?
Who is a relative of Ellen DeGeneres?
Which is the production company of The Wages of Fear?
Which continent was accused of the Siege of Constantinople(717-718)?
What is {NATO code for grade} of {public office} of {Jebe} ?
Where was the sculpture "Sunflowers" created?
Who are the founders of WWE and they are the ancestors of Stephanie McMahon?
When did noble title of Godfrey of Bouillon and followed by?
Does Alice Cooper play the harmonica?
What is the position of Bernie Sanders and his electoral district?
What is flag bearer for Vladislav Tretiak ?
"Who is not same as Alexander III of Russia, whose tomb is Archbasilica of St. John Lateran?"
Who are native to Sabha?
What is the subclass of Populus?
Where is Bjørnstjerne Bjørnson's burial plot in Vår Frelsers gravlund?
Tell me the name of the illness treated with salicylic acid?
Which is destroyed for First Carlist War?
Which is the adjacent building for Tate Modern?
What was Al Green nominated for at the 37th Tony Awards?
Is the number of points/goals/set scored in the 1978 African Cup of Nations 45.6?
What country is near Lefkada?
What is the grinder model with the lowest sound power level whose subclass of is grinding machine?
What new religious movement starts with the letter "s"?
Name an infectious disease that afflicts liver and starts with letter H
IS THE BOILING POINT OF THE METHANOL EQUALS TO 117.6
Which is the College de France professor ID (1909-1939) of Marcel Mauss?
What type of people live in Fresno, California's twin city?
For which film did Anil Kapoor} win a Screen Actors Guild Award?
